For everything there is a first time.
I have been and always shall be your friend.
Live long and prosper.
Space the final frontier.
So much for the little training cruise.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom not the end.
He tasks me. He tasks me and I shall have him.
This is Ceti Alpha Five.
Do not grieve Admiral. 
It was logical. 
The needs of the many outweigh The needs of the few. Or the one.
Lieutenant you are looking at the only man to beat the no win scenario.
Everyone remember where we parked.
Let them eat static.
Do you know the old Klingon proverb that revenge is a dish best served cold. It is very cold in space.
Time is up Admiral.
Here it comes.
Warp speed.
You cheated.
You lied.
I changed the conditions of the test. I do not like to lose.
No Kirk no. 
You will not escape. 
Hours instead of days. Now we have minutes instead of hours.
The word is given.
Yours is the superior intellect.
You have never really faced death have you.
I have not faced death. I have cheated death. I have tricked my way out of death and patted myself on the back for my ingenuity I know nothing.
You knew enough to tell Lieutenant Saavik that how we face death is at least as important as how we face life.
Just words.
But good words that is where ideas begin. Maybe you should listen to them.
Simple logic.
I like to believe that there are always possibilities.
Do not tell me you are from outer space.
Damn.
This is not reality. This is fantasy.
Ship. Out of danger.
Please let me know if there is some other way we can screw up tonight.
He is so human. Nobody is perfect Saavik.
Admiral.
Do not call me tiny.
It was the best of times it was the worst of times.
Message Spock. 
Of my friend I can only say this. Of all the souls that I met on my travels his was the most human.
It is a far far better thing I do than I have ever done before a far better resting place I go to than I have ever known. 
Something Spock was trying to tell me on my birthday.
Admiral. All my hopes.
Well once again we have saved civilization as we know it. And the good news is they are not going to prosecute.
To boldly go where no man where no one has gone before.
Lets see whats out there.
Course heading Captain.
Second star to the right and straight on til morning.
And the sky is the limit.
Do you know of the Klingon proverb that tells us revenge is a dish that is best served cold. It is very cold in space.
Make it so.
Dismissed.
Your first command together was less than successful. You are all dead.
Computer delete Paris.
Trouble sleeping Captain.
Doctor I forgot all about you.
One thing you have never been is a liar.
These people are natural born explorers.
You are in love with a computer subroutine.
Well so much for lunch.
There is coffee in that nebula.
A stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet.
We have them just where they want us.
Change is the essential process of all existence.
Definitely something out there captain heading this way.
I have a fix.
Maintain present course.
Yes sir.
The condition of my own crew takes precedence.
There is a whole galaxy of things to choose from.
Engage.
On course sir.
There is no indication of problem but let us not take any chances.
We will accept your judgement.
Can you hear me.
Highly Illogical
Beam Me Up Scotty
That is highly illogical.
Fascinating.
My dear girl I am a doctor.
I am not a magician.
Set phasers to stun
To boldly go where no man has gone before.
Beam me up scotty.
Make it so.
I could not deprive you of the revelation of all that you could accomplish together of a friendship that will define you both in ways you cannot yet realize.
When you eliminate the impossible whatever remains however improbable must be the truth.
After a time you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing after all as wanting. It is not logical but is often true.
In critical moments men sometimes see exactly what they wish to see.
Computers make excellent and efficient servants but I have no wish to serve under them.
May I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans? I find their illogic and foolish emotions a constant irritant.
Are you out of your Vulcan mind.
I like this ship. You know it is exciting.
Hailing on all frequencies.
I am a doctor not a brick layer
I’m a doctor not an engineer.
Insufficient facts always invite danger.
Without followers evil cannot spread.
I cannot change the laws of physics
Dammit.
Conquest is easy. Control is not.
A little suffering is good for the soul.
You all right son.
Hey you are the genius. You figure it out. 
Your species is even weaker than I expected. 
Welcome aboard.
Ah yes. One of your Earth things.
Bring it aboard.