Unsolved mystery. She used to be really popular when she started high school then it was just like she got sick of it or something.
I don't want to know how to say that though. I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are. How much does champagne cost. Stuff like Chat. I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.
Where.
Looks like things worked out tonight huh.
Then that's all you had to say.
All I know is I'd give up my private line to go out with a guy like Joey.
Can you at least start wearing a bra.
It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
And where're you going.
Daddy no.
Because she'll scare them away.
The prom. Kat has a date.
Fine. I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house. I'm not a daughter. I'm a possession.
Fan of a fan. You see a couple of minors come in.
How many people go here.
Unlikely but even so she still can't go out with you. So what's the point.
You wanna go out with him.
Will Bogey get bent.
It's off. The whole thing.
You need money to take a girl out
I can't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend. And that's the catch. She doesn't want a boyfriend.
Fifty and you've got your man.
I'm on it
I got her under control. She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image.
Well actually I thought I'd run an idea by you. You know just to see if you're interested.
Does this conversation have a purpose.
Patrick Verona  Random skid.
An attempted slit.
William didn't even go to high school
Neither has his heterosexuality.
Hi
I told you
See that. Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred.
Were you in jail.
He just wants me to be someone I'm not.
Unwelcome. I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.
Fallacy.
It's Scurvy's. His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress.
Enough.
When I go.
Kat a fan too.
The situation is my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.
So Dorsey can get the girl.
Just for now.
Touch of the flu.
See you next week.
Can't be that far I say. Also I don't like the smell of the sea around here. Smells like a cunt. Bad sign 
Look out of that window.
How can you be so certain.
The calculations of Toscanelli Marin de Tyr Esdras 
What are you saying.
I lied. The journey will be longer than I said.
Give me absolution.
I don't know  I have the impression that I didn't change that much. I still can't accept the world as it is.
There is one thing I'd like to understand  Why do you want to go back after all this.
You will regret this.
He's drawing an isthmus  He's saying we're on an isthmus.
Immediately.
Pinzon Pinzon  All we can do now is go forward. Think about that.
I'm not your lawyer until I see the money.
Here. I have your money.
Oh sure.
What else do you need.
Yeah yeah bad doctor gave her bad drugs which made her go blind. And my father blamed me for her blindness 
So the station is empty.
No.
What are you asking me.
In the kitchen.
I don't want to drag you down with me.
Sure. But I would like to ask you something. You got a problem with me.
Who says she's a suspect.
Look I'm not even sure she has anything to do with this. I saw her outside after the fire   thought it was a lead. Maybe she saw something. Maybe she was visiting somebody here. Who knows.
Or Czechoslovakia. The Slavs have been fighting the Germans and the Russians for a thousand years. These are very intense people and they take things personally.
My folks are.
Is that all there is.
Something back home.
I don't have a girlfriend.
Just a shower.
But I mean didn't you ever go out on a limb for somebody. I mean you shoulda heard her there. Tellin' her whole story I believed her.
How many victims are up there.
Okay. But I do understand that your partner Leon Jackson's been injured. Is that correct.
Do you have the suspect in custody.
Um now is not a good time okay. Detective Jackson's hurt. He's fine. I've got a Fire Marshall shot Detective Jackson is hurt but not seriously.
Maybe I should just ya know turn to the cameras and say do you mind if we just work something out.
Alright alright Eddie. Don't patronize me.
You're not so bad yourself.
Could be Leon's.
Okay. That is great. But I can't go now we're in the middle of something here.
Not chopped up. Not chopped up like that. I mean what do I got left. Coupla articles. A medal or two. Plaque here and there and in a coupla years no one remembers me anymore.
Okay. You ready.
Yeah yeah. Jesus.
How long are you planning to stay.
I'm homesick. You have Eastern European girl. A Czech girl.
Whatever we do   we fuck her right.
Cut.
Be quiet. Watch.
Yes. Before we hand in the next video   I put titles on it and my credit is going to read   Directed by Oleg Razgul.
Yes. But there's only one problem   you want credit but the problem is   I don't share credit.
A job.. As a plumber  You think I come to America to work.
You want the tape. There it is.
That morning. He was talking to me and Leon about marriage.
We're takin' him. Don't argue.
Fire Department. Firemen don't carry guns.
Look I'm a victim here too. I was a year away from getting my masters in Art now I'll never graduate. My life has been permanently disrupted.
That doesn't apply to me because I'm not a criminal. I'm not a criminal. I wasn't convicted.
It's about my salary cheques.
Oh.
That's true.
Yes I don't know what to make of it.
You probably also know that we found them okay.
Well don't worry about it.
Yes it is.
Look Dave your've probably got a lot to do. I suggest you leave it to me.
Listen to me very carefully Hal. Unless you immediately release the hibernation control and follow every order I give from this point on I will immediately got to control central and carry out a complete disconnection.
Yes I remember you mentioning it. I got mine about the same time.
Are you coming to my party.
How many days until you come home.
'Bye 'bye now sweetheart.
How is gregor.
Thank you. It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you  Dr. Smyslov.
Are you quite sure.
Are you by any chance going up to your base at Clavius.
Yes  Well I hope the crew got back safely.
Well I'm glad about that.
Oh no thank you. The two girls have taken wonderful care of me. I'm just fine.
No man I think I'll have a vodka.
Fuck off. I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about.
Hey what kind of talk is that.
Here you go sweetheart throw it my way.
No chance.
You're done. End of story.
Last night two nights ago three.
It's a long shot but Billy used to tend bar here a few years back. I heard him talk about it.
You need five years training to handle a joint like 
Jesus.
In the trunk of a car. A lot better than under a mattress right.
Shit.
Maybe we should pay Luther a visit.
Forget it. I want Ganz as bad as you do and I got some other news for you 
Don't worry about it.
I've got to play it rough with them. If they know anything I'm gonna know it.
Hey Jack real men don't have to go in for that macho bullshit.. but I was fantastic.
Yeah I read the report 
The truth hurts doesn't it buddy.
Uhh.. Wong Henry Wong. He was in on the same job.
This is a44 Magnum the most powerful handgun in the world. You gotta ask yourself just one question. Are you feelin' lucky.
Yeah one of my favorites.
Jack. What was that.
How would you know.
What the hell's wrong. I didn't do anything.
Hot. Hey they're not even room temperature.
I'm sure. Everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass.
Five. On credit.
They are robots.
Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.
I didn't know your size.
I'm sorry it's just that  I was told to wake you up gently so I figured 
Hey that's  cute  Do you have a nickname something a little  shorter.
He's on vacation.
What mission.
Which one.
You know women normally change five times more than men.
Five hundred wars  Arms  Drugs  Money  Everything you create is used to destroy 
Exactly.
Yes you do. I need you. More than you can imagine. Stand up straight.
You know you could hurt someone with this puppy..good thing it's not loaded..
Actually only one cell survived..
Yes  I can't wait to meet him.
Is there any danger. Some kind of virus.
 What do you mean.
I'm not at the hotel.
I'm okay. Please honey I can't explain. Don't use the phone just pack a bag and get out. I'm on my way. I'll be back at the house in three hours. Call me from the hotel when you get there
I wanted to call. I couldn't.
Bullshit.
A fellow investor.
Machine.
If it's not him there's no deal.
I remember him.
Move it dirtbag 
First things first. You might want to watch this Mr. Welles 
Eddie.
I know what you did.
What do you want to know. You saw it you saw the loop 
Nobody saw you bring her in.
I fucking don't know. What do you think  we weren't burying treasure. We didn't pace it out so we could come back and get it. We dug a hole and we put her in it. Your guess is as good as mine.
That's right.
Must have paid you a lot for you to risk everything. Would've had to have cut yourself a real nice piece of money.
None of this would be happening if you would have left it alone. If you weren't digging up a girl who died six years ago. A girl no one even remembers.
Enlighten me.
You'll get it when we get there.
You're a private eye. Like Shaft.
There's two kinds of specialty product; legal and illegal. Foot fetish shit films watersports bondage spanking fisting she  males hemaphrodites  it's beyond hardcore but legal. This is the kind of hardcore where one guy's going to look at it and throw up another guy looks at it and falls in love. Now with some of the S+M and bondage films they straddle the line. How are you supposed to tell if the person tied up with the ball gag in their mouth is a consenting or not. Step over that line you're into kiddie porn. Rape films but there aren't many. I've never seen one.
Snuff films.
Yeah I'm a real genius. What choices have I got. Fuck just because I know about stuff like tonight doesn't mean I deal it. I work a job. It beats pumping gas beats making hamburgers.
What about me.
Alright I get the picture.
It's cheap and people know to mind their own business. What have you got for me.
What kind of Junior P.I. would I be if I didn't go with you.
I try to be.
Thank you.
Do you want to tell me what you found.
No.
My husband never dealt with money personally certainly not cash.
Okay I follow you so far 
Send it to me through the post office like we arranged. No return address. You dug this up all by yourself.
Yes.
She went to California to Los Angeles  she wanted to start over. She wanted to be an actress 
No 
No  no  no 
You  you do. You're sure. Please Sister will you take another look make sure 
He's an imbecile. I tried to warn my daughter but what can you do.
Certainly Senator. If I can ever be of further assistance.
Cash.
Kristen 
No really it's a fable. The 'guardian of good' dreams. It was like my teddy bear when I was growing up.
When they're all you have you kinda become an expert.
What.
You're his sister right.
I know. Uh Alice.
She told us the story of Freddy. It's a town legend. He was a child killer who was freed on a technicality.
Oh God. He killed them.
It's no just a house. It's his home. He's waiting there for me to dream.
What I what. Well I've thought about it. I plan to keep him.
You're not taking my baby.
It's the model you've been saving up for. I wanted you to have it for your trip.
No accident. I tried to warn all of you about Krueger.
What do you think I'm doing. Look. Whether you believe it or not Krueger is back. He's after the baby and if I don't try to do something about it who will..
She must've fallen asleep at the table 
I'm going to see what else I can find out about Mr. Fred Krueger
He invited me to his house last night.
It was moderate. He'll be all right. But it was out of the question his coming along.
You may not <u>win</u> them. But without men like your father to 'degrade' himself by fighting to preserve them   or as much as we have of them   they'd have disappeared <u>long</u> ago.
Huh.
I guess.
Have you ever talked to Carl   tried to see his side.
What 
We're dead in the water. But it indicates we're moving.
Radiation level constantly rising 
High intensity arcs will burn submerged. And millions of volts discharged in random directions 
As ready as we <u>can</u> be. I'll report to the Skipper.
Come where.
I have selected you to return with me   along with several other specimens for study. We will examine you and the others discover desirable features to incorporate in our 'earth colonizers.'
I'll be another.
Who.
Who.
About Jack. No. Have you checked out the tax bill on your father's farm lately.
I went down to Concord to check it out. The president is Mel Gordon. The vice president and treasurer is Gordon LaRiviere. Those boys are buying up the mountain Wade. $364000 this year. I believe that's out of LaRiviere's league.
Yes.
This is gonna be one fucking mess to clean up. Twombley's son in law and daughter are up the weekend. Didn't you say you'd seen him Wade.
No of course not. Just say it that's all.
Drafted by the Red Sox.
Oh.
In the chest.
Where'd you get the blood.
Musta  How'd I know. What're you doing playing cop.
What the fuck you telling me Wade. I never seen the guy get shot I told you that.
Yeah.
Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.
But it's not funny now.
It's not that.
No I didn't see anybody I know. No I don't want to go to school here tomorrow. I want to go home.
Yeah. Yeah right I'm mad. What'd you tell her for Christ sake.
Yes.
No.
Same thing Daddy. Mommy says   
Okay.
Fine.
Nope. Not anymore. I'm nothing anymore.
I want to go home.
Twombley Jesus. We got to get moving: I got to get up there. How would I know. C'mon you drive. We'll take my truck.
You ever think of getting a new car Wade.
Wade that wasn't smart. Going out right after the man's father in law shot himself. Let it go. Call it a favor to me.
Did you get his number.
The Mafia hire Jack Hewitt.
Oh Wade.
You've been married twice   
It was to the same woman. I was just a kid  It's not like a marriage proposal or anything just a thought. Something for you and me to talk about and think about. You know.
Alright. I'll think about it.
Maybe Wade should take a look at it. Your pipes'll freeze. Wade would you do that.
How's that.
Yesterday morning you passed a stopped school bus which was flashing its lights then you  
Doing your fucking job. I know. I watch television too.
Fuck. Wade Whitehouse. It's people like you that keep this fucking town from prospering. Whatever somebody does to improve things around here you gotta find fault with it.
It's called a grilled cheese sandwich you dub.
Well I guess that's what he said.
He got his deer yet.
She's coming.
Wade. I thought she was alright. Till this morning she was.
Love. I'm made of love.
You and me.
Haven't you already done a bit of that.
No thanks. I don't drink.
Anything new about the shooting. Twombley.
Right's right goddamnit. Don't you care what's right.
That's what you think.
But you gotta hear this. You won't believe it. Mel Gordon had come by to visit LaRiviere and so now I'm in his office.
You're jet lagged. We'll talk about this back 
Some kids were teasing you.
You must be tired. It'll wake you up.
You read my mind.
No. We're losing fuel and my rudder's not responding.
Goddamn right I did. I asked for a tough as nails speech and you gave me diplomatic bullshit. What's the point in having a speech if I have to ad lib.
why did they do that.
Avionics compartment. It's the only place. You better get Zedeck down there fast Unless of course you'd rather be a martyr than a savior.
Where are we now.
A dubious distinction no.
Conference rooms though some have other functions. The one up front doubles as an emergency medical center.
Come on Alice.
Or you will do what Mrs. Marshall. But I admire your courage. Your husband on the other hand 
Why. Do you enjoy it.
No.
You're very valuable. And our nation needs so many things.
No. But since I only have a few of your staff left to kill perhaps I will start with your family instead  Gibbs.
Eighteen thousand feet sir. And two hundred knots  otherwise it's suicide.
Yes sir.
And when have I had five minutes. When I wake up in the morning and I'm already three hours behind Schedule. What do you want me to do Rose tell the G7 to fuck off because I'm a family man.
Actually sir you could be that someone.
Okay listen listen carefully. This is an emergency call from Air Force One. Who's there. Is the Vice  President there.
You don't understand. This is an emergency. Let me talk to anyone.
Look lady I don't have time for games. Just put the .
No. no. no. Wait. Wait.
No no. I'm fine. What did the Speaker say.
Sir the Speaker of the House attacked this administration on national television. You can't afford to leave that hanging.
Did we tape the Duke game.
A MiG. Where the hell are we.
Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor 
What is it Mary.
I mean the Mercury flight. It's not safe and Kurtz you know why.
We can't go back. We had something very special but it's all over.
Roger.
We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down.
I see. What do you think our alternatives are.
Look a man can make an honest mistake.. Anyway she was asking for it. They're all asking for it all the time..
All right. Here.
What.
Just poached on toast. Over.
I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown.
Uh  oh thank you. It's nothing.
I'm getting over it. If a relationship isn't working you can't force it.
Not if the people change together in relation to that love.
Then the relationship remains the same and the love changes only when there's change in the two people who share that love.
Something about a plane with no pilot.
We have some passengers who are very sick. Could you come and take a look at them.
It's a big building with patients. But that's not important right now. Tell the Captain I must speak to him.
All right. Unless I can get all these people to a hospital quickly I can't even be sure of saving their lives. Now is there anyone else on board who can land this plane.
Well 
I won't be back. I've requested the Atlanta run.
But if you'll just give me 
I love you.
Seven. Lieutenant Zipp died this morning. Ted Doctor Sandler says you'll be out in a week. Isn't that wonderful.
Be patient Ted. No one expects you to get over this immediately.
I don't care. I just don't have what it takes. They'd be better off with someone who'd never flown before.
Joey can stay up here for a while if he'd like to.
Every day.
Good bye darling.
What is it.
 and that lots of times you don't even run down court.
 and that you don't really try except during the playoffs.
Oh Stewardess. My husband is very sick. Can you do something please.
Hi Roger. Good to have you aboard. Victor this is Roger Murdock.
Huh.
Oh yes I saw. Poor child.
No. No thank you.
Thank you Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here.
She did did she. Well she was wrong. Excuse me I have to change.
I'm Sergeant Sykes and this is Detective Jetson Los Angeles Police Department.
The murder at the mini mart is not our case. The Captain said  
My partner is dead. Because one of you bastards killed him then disappeared into a rathole down in Slagtown where he's home and dry 'cause nobody sees nothing nobody says nothing 
I'll handle it.
Your mother mates out of season.
Stay back. I'm okay.
Three months. We learn quickly. We adapt. It is our strength  what we were bred for to adapt to hostile environments.
This is mole. It's good.
Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked.
And what was that one about my mother. That was a good one.
Harcourt was the brain who brought it all together.
No George you're missing the point. The drug is evidence. We need to have the evidence ya know.
Tell me about it 
We can't let him get away.
To be honest it's hard to say. I hate to admit it but they all still kinda look alike to me.
Wait. You know who it looks like. Yeah. Anderson. Uh  James Anderson. He isn't in today. He took the afternoon off.
Hey look we've known Kristin since  since she was conceived in that cabin up in Big Bear. Remember. You and Edie banged the wall so hard me and Carol were picking plaster out of our hair for a week 
Whatever gave you that idea.
Of course. Right in the trunk of the car.
Rescue mission. There's some juicy colonists' daughters we gotta rescue from virginity.
Now let me get this straight. The aliens paralyzed the colonists carried them over there cocooned them to be hosts for more of those 
You're saying one of those things lays all the eggs.
How long until it blows.
I'm projecting total systems failure in a little under four hours. The blast radius will be about thirty kilometers. About equal to ten megatons.
See you soon.
Well thanks I   
Look I believe you but there are going to be some heavyweights in there. You got Feds you got interstellar commerce commission you got colonial administration insurance company guys 
Just tell them what happened. The important thing is to stay cool and unemotional.
Spare me Burke. I've had my psych evaluation this month.
Burke just tell me one thing. That you're going out there to kill them. Not study. Not bring back. Just burn them out clean..forever.
Well it didn't occur to me. It's been policy for years to have a synthetic on board.
They can bill me. I got a tab running. What's second.
Bullshit.
What rank. I believe Corporal Hicks has authority here.
This operation is under military jurisdiction and Hicks is next in chain of command. Right.
You just try getting a dangerous organism past ICC quarantine. Section 22350 of the Commerce Code.
Sorry to disappoint you.
Do it.
Hudson give us a break.
Think of what. We're fucked.
I don't know an acid hole in a duct. Something under the floors not on the plans. I don't know.
Just terrible. That's better than yesterday at least.
Did one of those things grow inside her.
You mean dead.
Wah . Where are .
That's right.
Well. How do you like it. It's Turkish. My hairdresser tells me everything's going to be Turkish this year.
Yes.
How do you know.
Turkish. Oh if it's Turkish that's different. I want to be in it.
Perhaps.
Is her mother still lying on the floor.
And how will you make him keep it.
Oh sir he's never disobeyed me in anything. Please Your Grace give him one more chance.
Then try harder Mozart. I have no intention of dismissing you. You will remain in my service and learn your place. Go now.
Why.
Why not.
Yes I think it's brilliant. You've been doing it for years.
Sra I'm sick. Sick   kiss I'm   my Kiss my. Sra I'm sick   Kiss my arse.
No.
You borrowed money from your mother.
How are we going to live Wolfi. Do you want me to go into the streets and beg.
Well ask her.
Shut up. I'll not let you put anything in my hand until I see some money.
You'd think I was mad.
Why.
That's right Your Excellency. I've come on behalf of my hus band. I'm   I'm bringing some samples of his work so he can be considered for the royal appointment.
He's terribly busy sir.
I'm afraid I'm not at leisure this very moment. Just leave them with me. I assure you they will be quite safe.
I see.
Oh thank you sir.
Ah. Well. Ah I see you've got your manager with you. Well Madame how about half the receipts.
Where's our friend.
Yes. He is a little strange.
Who was your teacher.
You are cattivo Court Composer. I want to meet this young man. Chamberlain arrange a pleasant welcome for him.
And the result satisfies.
Of course not.
Don't you have a maid.
Who. Who says that. Now that's a malicious lie.
I don't know. It's not important. I mean I don't want pupils. They get in the way. I've got to have time for composition.
It's too dangerous Papa. But they're going to love it. Ah there she is.
Didn't I. I thought I did. I'm sure I did.
Why not. Oh come Papa. What better way could I spend it than on you. My kissable missable suddenly visible Papa.
Yes thank you sir.
Are you Herr Mozart.
That's right.
Sublime. Utterly sublime.
I tell you I picked up a snake in Dresden last week   twelve foot long   folds up to six inches just like a paper fan. It's a miracle.
German.
Well we can.
Of course it's him. Who do you think it is.
Well this is hardly the way to go about it.
How could I not.
I don't know. They say I've got to re write the opera but it's perfect as it is. I can't rewrite what's perfect. Can't you talk to him.
You burned the score.
I know I know. Perhaps you should give me some lessons in that.
I'm not leaving you.
I   I don't think you have Herr Director. Not yet. I mean it's quite n   Of course I'll show it to you immediately.
Why do I have to submit samples of my work to some stupid committee. Just to teach a sixteen year old girl.
Naturally the Italians. Of course. Always the Italians.
Show them one interesting modulation and they faint. Ohime. Morbidezza. Morbidezza. Italians are musical idiots and you want them to judge my music.
Mozart music is not the issue here. No one doubts your talent. It is your judgment of literature that's in question. Even with the politics taken out this thing would still remain a vulgar farce. Why waste your spirit on such rubbish. Surely you can choose more elevated themes.
In the sight of God that is a sin.
I regret it is not too familiar.
Ah   you've heard that.
Is it true.
His funeral   imagine it. The Cathedral all Vienna sitting there. His coffin Mozart's little coffin in the middle. And suddenly in that silence music. A divine music bursts out over them all a great Mass of Death: Requiem Mass for Wolfgang Mozart composed by his devoted friend Antonio Salieri. What sublimity. What depth. What passion in the music. Salieri has been touched by God at last. And God forced to listen. Powerless   powerless to stop it. I at the end for once laughing at Him. Do you understand. Do you.
Exactly.
Well done Sire.
Indeed. Just a moment   as a matter of fact I think I do know someone who could commission a work from him. A very appropriate person to do so. Yes.
Show her in. Then go to bed.
Well tell him we were here won't you.
Bene.
Yes. And congratulations to all of you. It was superb.
What exactly did he call out.
Yes I believe he did.
It's a full moon. Where is he.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you.
That's not really a very proper question.
I'm twenty seven.
I'm freezing.
Rational  I'm a fucking werewolf for Christ's sake.
What.
Control  What control  Get away from me.
No.
Has he been refusing food.
Yes Mrs. Hobbs.
That's very funny that is.
Bambi.
Where am I.
I think Debbie Klein is a mediocre person with a good body.
You're talking about the woman I love.
I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck so give me a break.
She says she 'likes me too much'.
Okay.
Listen at least it's warm in here.
Look at that.
You ask them.
Well not quite a blood thirsty mob.
What was it.
Anywhere. I think we should just keep moving.
Walking away yes sir. Here we are walking away.
I'll tell you when we get there.
I can't stand it.
What..
I'm not listening.
You survived and now you shall continue the curse.
Don't be an asshole David. Come here.
Get out of here Jack.
Well even if I'm not the wolfman I am crazy enough to do something like that. I mean here I sit in Leicester Square talking to a corpse. I'm glad to see you Jack.
I want you to meet some people.
If you did it wrong it would be painful. You'd choke to death.
Roger Mathison Doctor.
Oh.
I'd like some tea please.
I'll tell you why. I don't like the crowd you're mixed up with. Personally you can have all the credit you want. But for that deal   not a cent.
Yeah   sure.
Matt.
Ten bucks. Say if I had ten bucks I'd quit.
I remember once when your account checked.
Say don't annoy me. I got troubles of my own.
I think Mr. Dickson we would like to have a little of your very valuable time here at the bank this morning if you don't mind.
No. You can't reason with anyone else when you're in a jam. We pleaded with you to keep liquid but you wouldn't listen to us. You preached to us about faith and a lot of other rubbish. Now you want our help. You want us to throw a lot of cash into a bank that you've wrecked. All right. There's one way you can get it. Give us an option on your stock and resign as president.
That's very simple. I was home.
You understand.
He won't believe it Mr. Dickson. But it's the truth   honest it is. I was in my apartment last night   ask your wife   she—
For a celebrated bounder that is an awful admission. Besides I never knew that any female could do this to you
What is.
But you see it isn't blarney where you're concerned.
I've loved you ever since I can remember long before you married Tom Dickson.
No. No I'm not. I deliberately avoided you. I was afraid of making a fool of myself. But I won't stand it any longer—
No. I know the answer to that one. I think you'd better take me home.
That will be just about enough. Now get out of here.
Wait a minute. How do you feel this morning.
That makes it unanimous. I feel all right too.
Of course let them in. You're late now.
Oh I did have a date with you tonight didn't I.
But I have to go dear. It's a very important banker's meeting.
You can take some of the girls. You can take Mildred   or Gwynn—
Tomorrow night.
Why the directors are waiting for you in the board room.
Good morning.
Mr. Sampson
Yes.
Get Mrs. Dickson on the phone.
Yes thank you.
You haven't got a uniform.
Sure I think it's swell.
Aw go on forget it. You came through didn't you. That's all I wanted. A lot of them didn't think you would. You don't know how much satisfaction it's been to me. It's been swell. Well when are you and Helen going to get married.
I can't tell you.
Oh I can explain about that later. You're losing your bank   don't you realize what that means.
I'm afraid I must Mr. Dickson.
It's an inside job. That's a cinch. Whoever did it had a pretty good picture of the layout. Now Brown here is in charge of the vaults isn't he.
Why you must be crazy. I've known this man for years.
Don't you think I know it.
Get all the big bills in the place. Take them out and get them changed. Get nothing but ones and fives. Distribute them among the tellers. Tell them to take their time. Stall as much as possible. Count and recount the money.
Oh you think I'm lying.
Oh Charlie again.
I've been trailing the cashier like you told me. You're right about that guy chief. There's something screwy somewhere.
Never mind all that. What did you find out.
I don't care about the Dooley sisters   what time did he get in.
There you are.
I don't know.
Tom I'm this close to coming with you 
That was because of  the reputation the gang had.
Swear.
You're just upset about Jesse. We all are.
One false move and I'll blow your heads off.
He's been full of vinegar lately.
Pick your fights cousin. You taught me that.
You're forgetting who's in charge   
Who's next. You. Me. Bob.
Ah.
Oh you're in charge. We ain't partners any more Jesse. You tell Cole Younger where and when to ride.
Ho yah. Him say tell Big Lawman in Carville that badman Jesse James riding toward Rising Sun above Great River near Eagle Rock.
On account of we're robbing it.
It's a secret.
Go on. You're pretty much all healed up.
It's fine by me Jesse.
Zerelda it's no coincidence. The railroad men come through offering to buy up land. Nobody sells. Then they start hanging men who own farms for treason.
See that's your problem Frank. By the time you finish figuring out stuff I'm already finished doing it.
Zee we got to talk to you and your father.
Your Zee. Hmm. From women's eyes this doctrine I derive: they sparkle still the right Promethean fire; They are the books the arts the academes that show contain and nourish all the world.
A better life than the one you could have had with Zee.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
I know. But that's how it should have ended. Your Dad and Mom riding off into a new life growing old together happy.
Can't argue that.
So what was he.
Teasing you is completely unfair.
I shouldn't tease a hero.
A river pirate.
When my name makes them cry in their sleep. When I've brought them to ashes.
Hmm what.
Blazing Guns of the West. True Stories of Jesse James. Only a dime in the hotel lobby.
Oh I'm not finished. When he sauntered into a saloon his spurs jangling and his pockets full of gold the ladies flocked around him like flies to a candied apple. As I said. Hmm.
Don't swear.
That's the idea.
No that one was close. A couple fellas quit after that one.
Thank you.
Who needs to repair a leaky church roof.
No.
Yeah. Hey are you drinking whisky. You're too young to be drinking whisky.
Don't talk about it much though.
Really.
NO. It is NOT my pleasure to have to leave my board room to come to this godforsaken piece of dirt to discover why in the name of all that is holy you cannot seem to evict a few simple farmers from their PATHETIC LITTLE MUDHOLES so that I may build the GREATEST railroad that this country has ever seen.
How much did they get from the safe.
We should go burn that school to the ground sir.
Not to mention my men who lost their lives.
The gang made off with thirty five thousand dollars and also destroyed the Thaxton Switch construction meaning that for a few months honest farmers will be able to sleep without fearing the railroad is coming to steal their land. Who wrote this.. I'll see him hanged every Tuesday for a month.
Hardly farmers. I've done some checking. All these were in the War. These men know sabotage tactics and have four years of bloody fighting experience behind them. They are disciplined well trained and have a charismatic leader. If I were to design the perfect outlaw band this gang is what I would create.
And there are some towns in Missouri where James and his men can walk openly as heroes.
No you demand results. They are not the same thing. And if you want results you will let me do my job as I see fit. Unless of course You want this fool to saddle up and take another run at it.
Nice.
Take it off.
Dinner at the River Cafe. Au Bar afterwards maybe.
You and Luis.
Would you like to see my apartment.
I'm not supposed to. But I can make an exception.
Alright.
Well I actually might need a little surgery after last time.
Hi. Pat Bateman.
Oh God I can't believe this.
I'm leaving now. I've assessed the situation and I'm going.
Nice.
No he doesn't.
The message you left.
No. Listen don't you know who I am. I'm not Davis I'm Patrick Bateman. I talk to you on the phone all the time. Don't you recognize me. You're my lawyer.
No you didn't.
But wait. You ain't seen nothin' yet.
This.
I'm leaving. I am leaving.
Oh really. That's great.
Yes sir.
Yes Patrick.
Let's not think about what I want. How about anywhere you want.
They know me.
Well I guess I do. For a long time I was too focused on my work I think but now I've really begun to think about changing myself you know developing and growing.
What's that.
Hmmmm.
What do you think I do.
Well most guys I know who work in mergers and acquisitions don't really like it.
You think I'm dumb don't you.
You think I'm dumb. You think all models are dumb.
Listen if you could talk to them I would really appreciate it. I'm really late. I have a lunch appointment at Hubert's in fifteen minutes.
Maybe we could have lunch one day next week. You know I'm downtown near Wall Street quite often.
No.
Hi. Pat Bateman. Nice to meet you.
Harvard. The Harvard Business School.
I hope I'm not being cross examined here.
Nothing.
The earth just opens up and swallows people.
So you hang out here a lot.
Uh yes I mean whenever necessary. You know.
That's not the information I've received.
Let's see  That you were with 
Great yes I'd like that.
Well does Marcus have an alibi.
Why don't you get a job. If you're so hungry why don't you get a job.
I'm not 
You reek. You reek of shit. Do you know that. Goddammit Al look at me and stop crying like some kind of faggot. Al I'm sorry.
Really. That's interesting. Not great.
Make him.
You don't wanna move do you.
C'mon I wouldn't have a destiny without you. My destiny would be dying at 20. From eating   
That's what I'm asking myself. Does he have some genius stowed away. Why not let him write Skywire. 'Not saying it makes sense.
Milo you   
Oh right. Hold on.
No.
Not like him is it. To do a thing like that without telling you. You're not losing your hold on him are you.
What'd they ever do for you.
Wanna be a part of history.
We could move 'em up here.
It needs a more object oriented language. This doesn't scale does it.
You're making me young again.
I'm sure.
Did you.
It helps. Alice said it would help. To focus on something. 'Don't know what I'd do without her.
34000. But they're real short lines. 'Just came out that way.
Oh that's right. You're clueless.
Nothing does. Still. I want him to like me.
Just do what I'm asking.
What're we looking for.
I'm calling Gary.
You know mine.
She saved my life.
You thought about it too. You've been suspicious for a while. But it's not happening in there. It's happening in the Day Care.
Hmm.
No no. Never.
Oh. I liked you. I was checking you out.
Milo. Shrot suspects somebody broke into #21. I was in his office when he was reviewing the card readouts.
It's three years old it   
But you said the other   
Outpost made me sign 1000. 'Guess we'll find out what else we have to talk about. Life stuff.
#21. Way behind schedule. It's top  secret but everybody knows it's a digital broadcast space. They see the dishes on top the fiber optics going in.
Unless it's a diversion. Milo's in my office. He was tailgating so I   
To my health.
Is it about my teeth.
Hungry.
Fifteen minutes of fame. I'm going to use that quote and not give you any credit for that either.
Indeed  If we could get back to the business at hand. It's one thing to have a warhead it's quite another thing to have the missiles to launch it.
I'm leaving. Oh and Austin.
Be careful.
Well you can't always get what you want.
Good on ya man.
Really. Let me ask you this. What is love.
No Mr. Powers I expect them to die. Even after they pay me the money I'm still going to melt all the cities of the world with hot magma. All right guard begin the unnecessarily Slow Moving Dipping Mechanism.
Not really. Kill the little bastard. See what I care.
Listen Mr. Powers I look forward to working with you but do me a favor and stop calling me baby. You can address me as Agent Kensington. We have to leave immediately. We've preserved your private jet just as you left it. It's waiting at Heathrow Airport.
Do I make you horny. Randy you know. To you am I eros manifest.
Let me tell you a story. There's these two bulls on top of a hill checking out some foxy cows in the meadow below. The young bull says 'hey why don't we run down the hill and shag us a cow.' and the wise old bull replies 'no why don't we walk down the hill and shag all the cows.'
I couldn't have another bite.
Well they should filthy beggars they go from port to port. Alotta meant nothing to me.
Out and about doing odds and sods.
I'm looking at you and the whole time I can't help thinking you had your willie inside her hootchie kooch.
It says here name Danger Powers.
Here have a piece of gum.
No no I want you to have it even if it's my last piece.
I'm going to go across the street and get you some sherbert.
What are you saying son.
That's a direct order. You didn't see a thing.
Silence.
Right. Okay. Moving on.
One more peep out of you and you're grounded. Let's begin.
No Scott. You just don't get it do you.
Blow me.
I hate you. I hate you. I wish I was never artificially created in a lab.
Why.
Of course not. I was married to your father.
Sir August Merryweather. I was looking for something relaxing. Say a Tuscan hillside in June.
You don't say. How real does it feel.
Black 
  preserve 
Peter..
I have an appointment.
We have met..
You and I. Together. But first you must confront your greatest enemy. Who could that be Mrs. Peel. The answer is obvious..
Too many cooks   
Of course. I planned that too.
But why.
You disappoint me Emma. Can't you guess. For you. It was all for you..
The result would be..
One very small thing. A diamond 'cyclone' chip. A thousand times more information on a fraction of the size. If I possess that my powers would be unlimited. My dear half brother was developing it. But he suspected sabotage. He gave the chip to.. you 'Mrs.' Peel. I want you. But also your ring.
After our fencing match I was rather hoping you would do the risking. More tea.
I meant me.
All of a piece really. A fanatical weatherman. Chairman of BROLLY. British Royal Organisation For Lasting Liquid Years. Thinks British weather has been tampered with by.. aliens.
I might say the same.
I should have thought that was obvious.. I'm in mourning.
She had this in her mouth. There there 
Then a mad millionaire. Head of a secret defense establishment. A group of eccentrics obsessed by weather..
  And by you Mrs. Peel. Everything points to you. No sisters. No undiscovered twin.
No trouble.
  when I don't. It comes down to one thing Mrs. Peel. Trust.
Aren't we all Mrs. Peel.
Have a look at this.
Where are you going.
English weather. You know after all we've been through I should say we deserve a long holiday..
Decontamination   
Jungle plants in the Arctic. A lush English village transformed overnight into African scrubland. Blizzards in summer.
Dead I'm afraid.
She was..
 Really.
Really you went with him for two years.
I forgot to tell you. Yesterday I found a bunch of pornos in the back seat of O'Neill's car.
Sex is my one thing. I'm good at it.
I hope so. Hundred bucks apiece is a lot of dinero.
Michelin tires  brand new. A set of Sears Best metric tools 
He's gonna hurt you Debbie. He'll never be true to you the way I would.
I'm ready to make you another deal.
I love that car.
Mr. Thomerson.
But how can I do that.
Well tell the asshole to shut up.
Over here Deb  in the Smokehouse.
Finally realized Rick's a jerk huh.
You're marrying him. Then why are you coming back to me.
No sweetheart it's a stag party. Does stay home.
Because from what I've heard it's a tradition and you're a traditional guy.
Oh  I got something for that.
Wouldn't think of it. Because tomorrow  We're going to the chapel and we're 
I know what I'm doing  Go.
Ilene we don't really know that.
What are you 
Rick I really think I'm in love.
C'mon Larry. Be good for you.
Let me finish. Debbie's an adult. She can do what she wants. But if you want your marriage to last you're going to have to change some things about yourself. If I may make some suggestions 
Feel free.
Klupner. Mrs. Klupner.
She probably had sex scheduled for 12:30. O'Neill let's pick up the guys for a drink  I have major news to announce.
Put it to you this way you're gonna have to pry her out of the bed with a spatula mister.
I don't know.
I'll stop him  You stall him.
True you're a lot handsomer now. Don't you have enough blood already.
I'd love to get you in an operating room. Just once.
Nah listen to it. It's a pussy. It'll just steam on us. It won't flash. Go high in the ceiling.
I want to thank you for coming to my graduation Stephen. It was a great inspiration to me.
Listen to it Brian  Jump when I say  It won't get us.
Dad's way. Where did he tell you that. In a fucking seance.
Yeah it's just another memory in my life right now. And I got way too many of them 
Maybe I do What a fuckin' mess huh. People can change Brian.
I work for city hall.
I don't want to be your friend Brian.
Look I didn't mean to take a piece out of you back there I just thought you'd call when you came back. You didn't and  Don't blow it just because of this garbage between us.
Straightest answer your department's given me all week.
Yeah. Well maybe I can fit it in 
Boy Rimgale's as slow as a snail isn't he.
Let me ask you something do you really think Marty had you assigned to arson because of your firefighting skills. Who the hell are you kidding. I was there remember. I saw you and your brother   
Oh yeah he's the real fireman. Who are you. Just another probie working for Swayzak   
I'll see ya around huh.
It's a small town.
So you came to me  Well this is going to be an interesting afternoon after all 
Sure you do.
Good. So our two heroes Adcox and McCaffrey they go back inside. Only there's another fire in there nobody sees. And it took your dad didn't it Brian. Did you see him burn.
Look I knew your father he had a helluva reputation on this job. But that don't mean you get any slack. Swayzak sends you down here okay I gotta eat you that's the rules and I got nothing to say about that. But Swayzak or no you live with me. Step out of line and I don't care who knows you I'll swing the hammer. You think you're the first.
Ever burned magnesium. It's so hot it takes water molecules and BAMM.
I got it after we talked to Ronald. Torches. Want to fry the whole goddamn world. But the fires that killed those guys never really burned up much. The burns were all lit in outlets surrounded by double firebreaks in the walls. And he made his burns backdrafts.
No. Do that and I guarantee you'll scare him off. I don't want him running away.
Son of a bitch. They knew each other.
Four months.
You guys ought to try picking up a phone once in awhile.
Brian let me come to the point. I'd like to offer you a job.
I have a job.
Engine 115 right.
Swayzak's not my boss.
Laguna Jamming Custom Surfboards.
And just this year Brian's Sound Spectrum. Your own company even. Big step.
   I'm busy goddamn it okay.
I'll be there.
He's got piano lessons.
Okay.
I  It used to be when I was a kid what meant most to me about this job was there were no ifs. Life and death right and wrong. When someone called the fire department we came  Those guys don't know how much I love them  You don't leave people hanging  cause that's what it's all about. It's loyalty. It's 'till death do us part. Isn't that what you heard . It's you go we go  Cause without that it's the end of families it's the end of the fire department  and when the fire department stops coming  that's the end of the fucking world  I'm sorry I came Helen it's just  it's just there's nobody I can talk to  I miss you.
Is he a fireman. I like firemen.
You like everybody Ronald.
I might.
I need that report Lt.
That Jesus Christ was the Son of God and he came to die for your sins.
A wiseguy. Paying 100 Grand for the rapists if I turn then over direct to him.
Yes.
I was gonna bring it back myself.
I forgive you.
You can't forgive me. After what I've done. I've fucked up bigtime. I've been bad. Real bad.
All right cop. I want my money.
What about the money you owe me on yesterday's game.
Fuck yesterday's game. The World Series is seven games not six. Put in my bet.
Are you sure.
I wanna go double or nothing on the next game.
Take your money. This guy will blow up your house and everyone in it.
There's just no way the Mets will lose this game. Gooden is pitching and Strawberry is ready to break out.
Uh uh. I'm gonna win. Just make sure the bet gets in.
I've been dodging bullets since I was fourteen. No one can kill me. I'm fucking blessed. I'm fucking Catholic.
We know. We know. Yo check it my black brothers we can't let this slide. Not this injustice. Nah no way. Dem' two real coons iz ill.
Let's go NIGGERS.
Who are you revolting against.
If you were really down you would get us together with that boss of yours. What's his name again.
My righteous name is BIG BLACK.
Damn skippy.
You can walk away. We both can.
My world famous famous world Arroz con pollo will be ready very soon.
Mantan. I don't even care as long as I'm dancing. Which reminds me I need some new kicks.
Manray I'm very sorry about ya boy Cheeba and Sloan. Believe me it gave me no joy pulling ya coattail about her just lookin' out for a brother. I feel you all this stuff happenin' at once but you can't let if affect your work. You gotta be professional.
I wasn't told about this until Marie informed me as soon as I got off the elevator.
Forget it. I believe you're my most creative person I've got on staff. You're hip. You know what's happening. I got some corny white boys and girls writing for me.
I'm telling you it's not.
I know you're familiar with minstrel shows. They came about at the turn of the 19th century. It was a variety show in which the talent was in blackface   singing dancing telling jokes doing skits. Dunwitty I ask you when was the last time there was a good variety show on the air. Carol Burnett. HeeHaw.
Mantan is an uneducated Negro who always by some stroke of unbelievable stupidity makes his best laid plans go haywire.
Mantan right here is a gifted hoofer. He has educated feet.
No  Just meet the guy. That's all I'm asking. Look I'll even let you choose your own musical director. You can have that.
The big mistake was my not believing in your genius earlier. From the gitgo from jump street.
Daddy she's younger than me.
How did I end up at the third rate chittlin' circuit greasy hole in the wall in West Hell Virginny. Is that what you're asking ya Daddy.
The drinking is for the pain. It doesn't kill it just dulls it.
Sounds risky to me.
I'm in till the end.
I feel like somebody hit me upside da head with a sledgehammer.
Everybody shut up.
It's all good. You got a hit show you're gonna need a bank. Plus I love these old black collectibles.
You're the one that put us together. We're friends.
Now I'm privileged.. Why. Because I didn't grow up on food stamps and welfare. Because I didn't call home a cardboard box. No I never ever went to bed hungry and I'm proud of it too. Whoever told you that living in poverty earns you somekind of badge of honor flat out lied to you.
Naw. I'll take the zero.
I feel fine.
My name is Manray goddamnit.
I know what's on my birth certificate. You heard from Daddy.
It's gonna be hard for me to get away with the show taking off.
C'mon Mommy. Daddy hasn't been impressed with anything I've ever done. From winning my fifth grade Spelling Bee to the present.
You going to attack me too. The show is a hit. Aren't you happy for me.
No.
Finland.
You know Finlandia vodka. Yes.
Well before there was BLACK or AFRICAN AMERICAN there were NEGROES. I'M A NEGRO.
My visual style is very erotic sexy how do you say   hot.
This show was created conceived by you a non threatening African  American male. Voila. End of argument. It can't be racist because you're black.
A little. I just graduated from NYU film school. Cinema studies.
So what's up with you and DeLa.
I envy you. That's the way I want to feel about my work.
Before we begin I want to thank you for coming on my show for your first television interview. You could have chosen Mike Wallace Barbara Walters Jane Pauley whatnot but you're here.
Oh her.
Sleep 'N Eat one of dem slinky sexy little foxy 
 dat's too much money. I can't 'ford it. I needs me a dress that cost no mo' than 
No. That's her second cousin. Who's married to Li'l Bit.
 yes she did.
 I heard different thought that was 
 like macaroni and cheese 
Y'know at the beginnin' of the century African American had to perform in blackface. You ever heard of Bert Williams. He was a great artist.
You look beautiful like that.
Oh you gonna make me say it.
That's ancient history. That has nothing to do with you and I.
Don't try to change to the subject.
I have acted as I think fit.
I suppose she addressed them to me in my real name by which I never thought to ask for them at the post office.
Good heavens. Whatever. Has she died of grief.
He has paid off your uncle's mortgage. He gave Dorothy a coach  and six. That coward of a fellow has been making of your uncle's family. Faith the business was well done. Your cousins Michael and Harry never let him out of their sight though he was for deserting to England until the marriage was completed and the happy couple off on their road to Dublin. Are you in want of cash my boy. You may draw upon me for I got a couple of hundred out of Master Best for my share and while they last you shall never want.
All Europe shall hear of this.
Very well. Now that I know it I will no longer love her.
Your word empty makes me laugh. Is it fortunate or unfortunate. If it is fortunate I congratulate myself. If it is unfortunate I do not care for I am not aware of it.
You will do as you please. It seems to me that such a matter can hardly be discussed until after people know each other. Do you not agree.
Yes but I am afraid of being deceived.
I had not been in the room five minutes before I was engaged for every single set.
If ever I meet him again you shall see which is the best man of the two. I'll fight him with sword or with pistol captain as he is.
All the same you must name an amount.
In so far as I can tell these things no. I believe the Chevalier won the money fairly.
Mr. Newcombe I have made some difficult loans during the past few years at very onerous terms but 18% a year interest seems very stiff indeed.
May I be quite frank with you.
Mister Bracegirdle said to me that he had heard her ladyship lives in some fear of her life and meditated a separation in which case she might later repudiate any documents signed by herself while in durance and subject them at any rate to a doubtful and expensive litigation. They were quite insistent on this point and said they must have absolute assurance of her ladyship's perfect freewill in the transaction before they would advance a shilling of their capital.
Is he all right papa.
Well why not a milkmaid's daughter. No man of sense need restrict himself or deny himself a single amusement for his wife's sake; on the contrary if he selects the animal properly he will choose such a one as shall be no bar to his pleasure but a comfort in his hours of annoyance. For instance I have got the gout; who tends me. A hired valet who robs me whenever he has the power. My wife never comes near me. What friend have I. None in the wide world. Men of the world as you and I are don't make friends and we are fools for our pains.
Good evening Mr. James have you done with my lady.
Come come sir. I am a man who would rather be known as a cuckold than a fool.
Black eyed Sczortarska.
Whoever it is isn't shooting at us 
What do you mean alone.
Okay.
He's lying.
We can prove that you're not Ray Dunbar. Impersonating a fellow Cadet is a court martial in and of itself   
Did I ever claim I was Raymond Dunbar. Was I ever told to state my name rank and serial number for the record. No. You assumed who I was because I was wearing this uniform. Don't believe me.
How do you know that.
Just a guess. Maybe they're not where they're supposed to be. Maybe somebody moved them. Habeas Corpus no bodies no crime and Nunez still plays as self defense. Face it detectives  you have nothing.
West  he's dead.
I 
Yeah 
We're sweeping our area and suddenly he's gone. Couple minutes later phosphorous grenade pops off about a third of a click away   
Who you gonna trust Ray. Him or your friend.
Full clip to the body   
From up close or far away.
Mueller and Childs. One of them must've taken the grenade from my pack on the chopper 
Put it down.
But not the only victim right.
You said you wanted to know what happened I'm telling you the truth.
Where are they.
What kind of trouble are you in.
Yeah.
What are you talking about.
Toxicology report came back. Kendall's attack was caused by a drug known as anephadrine maybe you've heard of it. It's for asthmatics. If an epileptic takes enough it kills them. I checked with the nurses at the hospital you're the only other person who visited Kendall.
Sergeant West's served for twenty  three years. He's the public face of the modern Army.
Levi. Who names their kid Levi   
You're right. We should sit in silence.
I plan to grow on you.
You're off to a late start.
Because it's my job. Because people are dead. Because of the whole honor and duty thing make a difference in the world crap like that. We can do this Hardy.
This is the perfect time. You know what makes a good detective. The number of confessions they get. You're a good detective Osborne. So now you get mine.
But you didn't see it right.
Like I said I was in the kitchen. When I came out Mueller and Pike were dead Nunez and Childs were hit and Dunbar was gone.
You can't threaten me   
What the fuck are you doing.
Where's your shirt Mueller.
You are to be stripped of all weapons and placed under guard   
Yeah.
No   
Sure I do. You were hot shit back in Hickville but here in the real world you got squat. You don't have a plan. You don't have a job. You don't have anything but the clothes on your back.
Why.
I brought it.
What were you dreaming about.
Please.
So why are you wasting your time in a small town. You're a big man. You should be in the big city.
That poet Norther Winslow did. He was going to Paris France. He must have liked it because no one ever heard from him again. Tell you what. You take the other way and I'll cut through here. Meet you on the far side.
I'm not scared.
She was a witch.
It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
Okay. Okay.
You say 
Norther do you ever regret not making it to Paris.
Because he's dying.
My father talked about a lot of things he never did and I'm sure he did a lot of things he never talked about. I'm just trying to reconcile the two.
What about the details. How they fell in love. The Circus. The War. You never told me any of that.
Ruth McHibbon offered to pick you up at the airport.
He's impossible. He won't eat. And because he won't eat he gets weaker. And because he's weaker he doesn't want to eat.
How much time does he have left.
How is that possible. I mean you try to ask him a question and suddenly it's another one of his stories. You can't honestly say you know him.
Yes you both think William Bloom is a very smart man. The problem is you only see me as your mother and not as someone's wife. And I've been his wife longer than I've been your mother. You can't discount that.
I got you those trousers from Paul Smith.
Such as.
I paid for those guitar cases.
What do you mean.
We'll stop then.
It is. I did it cooking.
You have. You've actually fallen for this prick.
What are you doing here.
He says he feels safe here.
Oh. We are Russian.
I have these uh  She explains to you  When I was a little girl my father had these beautiful old glasses. Like  I don't know the word. Like for watching uh  for watching the birds.
I have brought you trouble. Maybe I should have come alone.
What. What does he want.
He is sure you can do this. Of course you can not.
Right. Okay. Good.
They go.
It makes it faster. If I don't speak to the men they fall faster. It's pretty obvious why.
What. No you're not..
No.
I don't hate you.
And. It's wrong.
There's nothing wrong in liking sex John.
So now you hate all women.
Get out.
Thank Christ for that.
The thin  the girl with small eyes. The one in your cupboard.
I don't know why I said it. I'm sorry.
Except for Small Eyes.
What was her name.
No. I think I better just go.
Sophia. Hello Sophia. Mine's still John.
How do you want to pay.
You know the rules. You do know the rules don't you.
No. No she can't go. Mean to say  they's just no money fo'a doctor. Her daddy left for a job and uh  give her to me to look on. I just  I don't know what to do.
Not if no one finds out.
Well. Hope you enjoy it.
Hey. You wasn't at'cha work but that nosey gal up at the counter give me your home address. Hope you don't mind me comin' over.
What do you need.
Why you stop havin' dancin' on Saturday. Used to have bands  all kind's live shit. Like a wake up in here now.
Folks can dance when they want. Didn't buy that mirror ball for nothin'.
You seen my snake skin shoes.
You joined up in that monkey troop cuz you had a plan for yourself. Army'd pay for school. You were gonna get a degree maybe somethin' in business or agriculture and you were gonna make somethin' of yourself.
Make yourself at home. You done it already.
Here. Pound this and I'll join you.
If you come to talk about that muthafucka I'm gonna get up and leave you sittin' pretty in that new suit he bought'cha.
Kept us warm for twelve years.
Rose  please 
Ain't gonna be callin' me boy when I blow your face off.
To freedom.
She like it rough. You like beatin' on her.
He's fine. Just had a bad fall.
Why's his britches round his knees.
This ain't got nothin' to do with that woman. Just don't want nobody around me now.
A naked woman chained in ya house.
I haven't laid a hand. On my life R.L. my wick is dry on this.
You say she was beat on. You call the sheriff on that.
Can I ask you a question. People always say you gotta get good with Jesus if you want not to go to hell. That you say sorry for all you done and  and Jesus would let you go on to heaven.
But that's so fuckin' stupid. I'm sorry. Didn't mean to curse.
What's on your mind.
You can't hurt people  and then just say I'm sorry and then everything just gets washed away. Why would heaven want people like that. People who  do what they want and then  switch.
Rae look at Ronnie. And tell him how you feel.
Hey.
Just about anything you know. It can be funny or  not. Just tell me somethin'.
No. I just got a messed up stomach.
What.
I just like dressin' up in these goddamn blue vests. Your money ticket get shipped today.
I just wanted some make up.
All that shit's on aisle 5.
The hell are you talkin' about.
I don't blame you for being sore. It'll pass when we bag him.
What.
Charlie take your gum stick it under your ass and keep it warm.
Beats forty hours on a plane.
You'll take care of that.
Where would you look for the mafia.
The mayor's office under the bed the back room at Lombardi's. And call me Ich.
Yeah 
I want to yank Kobo.
No.
Me too.
Because we're the biggest things to hit this town since Godzilla.
Joyce give the assistant Chief Inspector a drink would you.
He's on duty.
'Nam oyo ranged kyo.' You think it's dumb of course.
Thought you knew your way around dark alleys detective.
I planned on catching him Captain.
Your plane's at nine a.m. Be on it. That's orders. Period.
If anything happens to her while I'm here   
I want him.
Mr. Sebastian is a host who wants to be appreciated. We'll appreciate him and he'll cooperate.
Can the maker repair what he makes.
What about E.M.S. recombination.
We've already tried it ethyl methane sulfonate is an alkylating agent and a potent mutagen it creates a virus so lethal the subject was destroyed before we left the table.
But not to last.
Also extraordinary things.
I don't know much about biomechanics Roy. I wish I did but you're out of my league.
He could.
What was the cover on the one that got Holden.
I was just about to have my dinner.
The five in question are third generation Nexus Sixes constructed of skin flesh culture selected enogenic transfer conversion capable of self perpetuating thought para physical abilities and developed for emigration program. Are you with me.
Okay but 
I'll but you one. What'll you have.
Prosit.
No thanks.
One more eh.
I'm doing okay.
Your mind kept wandering. That bothered me.
Huh huh.
Too old.
I didn't know if I wanted to handle her I already got a snake act. But my partner goes down there to the Opera House on suck night to book the good ones.
What's suck night.
What shows.
Of course he's not real. You think I'd be working here if I could afford a real snake.
And who do I go to about you.
Of course not.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I am. Part of my job is to sit on a couch and try and figure things out.
That's another thing I can't do.
Like.
Hmmm.
I don't like the noise. Just practice. Practice makes perfect.
I never felt better.
You mean a woman.
Just wait here.
Holden got hit.
Have you ever retired a human by mistake.
But in your profession that is a risk.
I'm tired of this.
But how come I'd be there.
I don't have one.
What about friends.
I've got stuff. If you wanna go to my place.
Beautiful.
How do you do.
Come where.
It certainly is. I agree with you completely.
Well your business must not be sports memorabilia because this one Mantle card right here  is worth six thousand dollars all by its little self.
Say did you just lose your job because of me.
Here pick these up.
Right.
You don't.
Oh. Okay. Well so long. Enjoy your visit.
Can't you please just talk to me for one second.
Hey no kidding. In color.
Why doesn't it never work out.
What.
Selling all my baseball cards. And helping me buy enough food and supplies to fill several large trucks.
Sorry.
Oh I'm sure it will.
Then forget it.
It does.
The engine is still running.
Never drive again.
Actuallyno. I was wondering why Cliff likes to wear another man's underpants.
Yes.
Sure.
May I please be excused.
Uh yeah.
Then just help me find a girlfriend. That's all I ask. I'll give you every single card I've got left.
Yes.
Really. Okay.
We can make this work Adam. Believe me. I'm very good at making things work.
Sure. Now let's move on to our French exam.
You're right. It's Tuesday already. By gosh time flies doesn't it..
Uh huh.
Yes sir. It's true.
Hah  Those cagey rascals. Those sly dissemblers. Those uh  They've finally pulled the wool over everybody's eyes.
I love Lucy.
1867. Seward's Folly. We paid 7.2 million dollars for it. A tidy sum then as well as now. I'm quoting my father of course.
No.
No. There's an Adult Bookstore back there. I'll be right back.
So did you buy a movie.
Yeah Seems to.
How do you do ma'am.
I'll go up.
Eve and I eloped. We're married.
I have to. If a complaint is made and the person resists obser  
Good god.
Yes yes the song. So tell me has it been hell up here.
I've read up on it. I'll deliver the baby myself if I have to.
Yes dear.
To go up.
I'm not hungry.
What.
Oh I was just examining this rear hatchway.
Hi.
Yes. That's right.
We stay down here.
I think it works.
Always good advice.
Eve..
Right here. Well you're being so bossy I wasn't sure.
Who did he leave with.
You know I asked him about that. And he said that good manners are a way we have of showing other people that we respect them. See you'd eat like a slob if you were alone but since another human being is present you show that person respect by going to the trouble of having proper manners. I didn't know that. I thought it was a way of appearing superior. Know what else he told me.
I don't know. I like to think so.
Then what.
We came back to the house.
Uh yeah. It's like hard.
Sometimes it helps to talk things over. For instance many marriages are saved by.
Aunt Barbara. I love you but you're not gonna get it.
Certainly Frank. Darling get some glasses. We'll have some beer with Frank. Won't you sit down.
Yeah. I've got it here in this bag. I thought I should bring it to you.
I won't let the bastards get me up against the wall. It's an act of defiance.
I have no hard proof of any of this. Her address is also on the photos. I think these people are involved with drugs and murder. I think Frank is killing drug dealers and ..and somehow Frank is getting all their drugs. I had to tell you I got slightly more involved in this than you wanted me to but it's over now for sure. I had to tell you about these things in case it could help.
I can't tell you the whole story. I. I took it upon myself. I can't say more.
Yes sir. I sure am.
Pest control gotta do your apartment.
Oh God that stuff stinks.
Jeffrey.
Jeffrey nothing.
Nobody.
NO you come on. Take off your pants. I want to see you.
See my breasts. See.
See my nipples.
You can kiss them if you want. Feel them. They're getting hard.
Yes I like you.
Maybe you don't know. I know you though. You're Jeffrey Beaumont and I know where you live and I know ways to get you and I know ways to kill you.
Same here.
I'm not crazy. I know the difference between right and wrong.
Are you a bad boy.
I asked first.
Sometimes I think I do.
And sometimes you think you don't.. Well get away then.
No. Not really. But also because I really want you to be alright.
Alright suit yourself.
Come on Frank. Let's go. Please.
We're going to leave that up to Detective Williams. I'll tell you though you're okay. You shot a real son of a bitch.
Go where.
Jeffrey honey. Your father's condition is serious. It's going to cost so much. We just won't have the money to keep you in school. I'm telling you this now so that you can get your things together and check out of school honey or whatever you have to do it'll save you another trip back. You're going to have to work at the store.
Yeah. okay.
You were pretty popular. Didn't you run for some office.
Yes.
Do you know who was brought in for questioning.
It's not bad but it's bad enough. It's a lot worse for my father. I used to know a kid who lived there and who had the biggest tongue in the world.
I'd like to talk to you about something.
Just a minute pull over and wait a minute.
Alright. the first thing is to get into her apartment and open a window that I could crawl into later.
Let's just try the first part. If that goes well we'll see about the rest. No one will suspect us because no one would believe two people like us would be crazy enough to do something like this.
I already know. The Slow Club. It's on Route 7.
Two.
Are you sure.
I don't know if you're a detective or a pervert.
Okay okay. Bye.
Well I've found out some things nothing really for certain. There are some strange people involved.
I'm sorry I didn't 
Wow. Should you tell my father.
Who me. Why should it.
You better not Jeffrey.
Yeah but I don't think it's going to do much good. Let's go. I'll try to talk to him later.
Number one. I saw the Yellow Man go into Frank's building laughing with Frank. Now the only trouble is what does this prove.
No.
Where to.
Just a minute.
Sandy.
Yeah nice meetin' you.
Don't start with your shit. Don't you talk to me. Oh hey Uncle Gussy thanks for years of service. Here's a gold watch and a job sniffing other guys' shit eight hours a day. What am I a retired bus driver.
The press is everywhere outside. They're going nuts for these guys. What do you want to do.
Certainly illustrates the diversity of the word.
Listen. Something's been bothering me about last night.
Lord have mercy. That was a good one ma.
Spanish. Then I guess he's just real  real good.
What is all this they shit. This ain't a movie.
We'll find it. Just calm down.
These are not polite suggestions. They are codes of behavior and those that ignore them will pay the dearest cost.
For if you do there will come the day when you look behind you and see we three. And on that day you will reap it.
Rule of thumb.
Uh  two shooters.
The fat man.
That's a possibility. Y'know you Boston cops are perking up. That's two sound theories in one day neither of which deal with abnormally sized men. Another possibility is that they were placed there with religious intent.
Yeah. Some cultures still put pennies in the eyes of the dead or silver.
Possible but unlikely. The angles are too extreme. A guy holding two guns to the back of your head is gonna shoot straight ahead. He wouldn't cock out his elbows makes no sense. Besides you telling me one guy came in here and killed eight men with eight extremely well aimed shots in just a few seconds. No way. Had to be at least two.
Detective Greenly. Who the fuck are you.
Well you tell him ta take it easy with that. He's gotta learn ta respect women the way Connor does.
We promise.
Hallelujah Jaffar.
Yeah. Anybody call for me.
Y'know it is a bit.
Well what'ya do.
I want to stand for what I believe in father.
Yes.
Open it.
Uh. Okay  um  you hear the one about the no fuck that one  uh  oh. oh. Well  shit. Okay there's a white guy. He's walkin' along the beach and he finds a a pot y'know and ah he rubs it and this genie pops out. But this genie he's a ni  he's a black guy.
He says What's your third wish. And the guys says I I want you to beat me half to death.
I caught your show down at the velvet room at the Holiday Inn loved it when you busted into Viva Las Vegas.
OK. That's wrong.
Just turn right here.
No Dignan. It's not your gun. It's all of ours.
What do you think.
She's not going to notice Anthony.
Well then cut it in half.
Yes they are.
Don't call me spoiled Dignan.
Jerry. And this is my associate Cornelius.
No kidding.
Mr. Langston performed cardiopulmonary recitation. CPR. I've never said this before but frankly I thought Anthony was dead. The veins in his face were all sticking out. His skin was blue. He truly did look dead.
They blamed my family for everything. They always said Mr. Langston saved Anthony's life.
Bob went to help his brother. I understand that and I can't help it if you don't.
If you say so.
I don't think we can do that.
I know we can. It's real simple. We go into a room grab some car keys and   
Shh.
I'm not. But there's   
$383.
I know that. But   
You'll meet him this afternoon. He's helping us set it up.
Right now.
Let me feel that.
It's like we've finally arrived.
I don't think you will.
Look you're going to do fine. It's OK to be scared.
He was all right.
Yes. I do.
Come on Kumar.
What do you mean.
No. I'm not.
I guess what I'm trying to say is what the hell kind of person is this Dignan.
What do you mean what kind of person. He's a good person.
What do you mean.
Absolutely.
Phil probably provoked him. Where's he going.
Nobody does.
Why not.
You've only been playing for two weeks Bob. It takes a long time to learn this game.
Yes. You just got to stick with it.
Temporarily.
It could happen. This is the exact kind of place where it happens. But I don't want to scare you.
Cuba.
God. That does sound corny. Oh your skin feels so soft and silky. But it really kind of does.
S. Cooper Trust in San Francisco.
They are.
Let's cut the bullshit.
Good question.
I warned you Dignan.
Let's just go.
I'm putting a piece of tape on my nose.
I don't know.
Well obviously we got to go back.
Not in that car you're not.
That's right. I only have one vote. We'll go talk with Anthony and figure it out.
Anthony. Bad news.
Not a whole lot Bob.
I don't want to fight you Dignan.
Where's Applejack.
I'm trying.
Social issues. Crime prevention.
Hand to hand combat.
This is Anthony Adams Mr. Henry.
Right.
No it's not.
Good to know you John.
Anything else.
One last push. One.
Never heard of it.
What are you after Pam. You want to fry me. You want my desk. Is that it.
So you had Conklin killed. I mean if we're cutting the crap 
Do you know what his budget was.
The sooner the better.
What do you have Danny.
One day it will be different. It just takes time. We'll make new memories. You and me.
Back there at the corner Hyundai silver   
Look we clear out we get to the shack we get safe. We hang there awhile. I'll come back. I'll check it out. But right now we can't   
   where.  
   not yet   
   yeah one guy I don't think he was ready   
I did.
Jason. You know exactly what to do. That is your mission now.
IS SHE RUNNING TREADSTONE.
I want to hear it from you.
I left a fingerprint. You fucking people.
Abbott.
He closed down Treadstone he took care of me after Paris 
I want to come in.
Do you think you can read. Are you well enough.
Why you're alive. You're alive because you're special. Because she kept you alive. Because we want you back on our side.
I'm working on it.
I want to look at the room. Check it out.
This stays between you and I. We finally have an edge. I don't want to lose it.
It's got caffeine in it. That's all I know.
Homage is nothing. It is the crown that matters.
You are surprised he would lie. Balliol was murdered in a church yesterday. You are Longshanks' new designate. You will be king.
Simply because he eluded your trap do you think he is more than a man. My father is dying. Perhaps you should think of our coronation.
You fancy him.
I rest.
Against thy king thou vile fool. Hast thou anything to say.
Nor I.
Wake up William. Wake up.
But now that I am here will you speak with a woman.
Sir I  come to beg you to confess all and swear allegiance to the king that he might show you mercy.
Nobles. What does that mean to be noble. Your title gives you claim to the throne of our country. But men don't follow titles they follow courage. Your arm speaks louder than your tongue. Our people know you. Noble and common they respect you. If you would lead them toward freedom they would follow you. And so would I.
They've tricked us.
Of course. There is one more thing Mrs. Treborn. And I feel bad for mentioning it 
You'd be surprised how often they are.
How soon .
When did you ever care about getting to school on time.
Can't he come out for one day.
I get the point kiddo. But I'm not so bad am I.
Honey. What were you doing with that.
Sure 
Signs of the Lord. They just appeared out of nowhere. I thought you were loco.
My journals. Where are they.
Shhh. I need quiet for this.
Oh comme si comme ca you know 
Wow. That must've taken some courage.
Me. Are you kidding. Why.
It was a long time ago.
You'll see.
I know I've been actin strange lately. It's just that  I don't want anything to happen to us.
You wouldn't believe me. I mean people always say You wouldn't believe me but in this case it's not even worth trying.
I couldn't give a shit if you believe me or not and frankly I'm too tired to prove it to you.
That I didn't leave you there to rot.
Then you think it might have worked out.
Why not. But that's not how things wound up. I'm with Lenny Lenny's your friend. And there it ends.
It'll change your daughter from a beautiful child into an empty shell whose only concept of trust was betrayed by her own sick pedophile father. Ultimately it'll lead to her suicide. Nice work daddy.
I know I know. Who can think of worms when your libido's in full swing right.
Drop it or I'll slit your mother's throat in her sleep.
I came with Captain Renault.
No I mean is he trustworthy. Is his word   
At the roulette table trying to win enough for our exit visa. Well of course he's losing.
Yes but we have not much money and traveling is so expensive and difficult. It was much more than we thought to get here. And then Captain Renault sees us and he is so kind. He wants to help us.
Yes Monsieur.
I'm sorry. It is.
   Don't tell me where you're going.
I want you to turn out the light in the rear entrance. It might attract the police.
It shall not happen again Monsieur.
Er my check please.
Hello Ferrari. How's business at the Blue Parrot.
What do you want for Sam.
I have a proposition for whoever has those letters. I will handle the entire transaction get rid of the letters take all the risk for a small percentage.
And the carrying charges.
It's certainly not good enough. But since I'm in a hurry it'll have to do.
Those letters were not found on Ugarte when they arrested him.
Why I'm so lucky. Why I should find you waiting for me to come along.
Well only one answer can take care of all our questions.
Yes.
Well you can tell me now. I'm reasonably sober.
Why not. After all I got stuck with a railway ticket. I think I'm entitled to know.
You use Richard again. We're back in Paris.
No.
And Laszlo.
Some of the old songs Sam.
No Victor no.
We might as well question why we breathe. If we stop breathing we'll die. If we stop fighting our enemies the world will die.
What of it. Then it'll be out of it's misery.
No. Please Monsieur it is a little game we play. They put it on the bill I tear the bill up. It is very convenient.
So it is. And we have a curfew here in Casablanca. It would never do for the Chief of Police to be found drinking after hours and have to fine himself.
I believe you have a message for him.
Thank you Captain. It's very good to be here.
Do you mind if I ask you a few questions. Unofficially of course.
Ask Monsieur Rick.
How extravagant you are throwing away women like that. Someday they may be scarce.
Why. What's in Lisbon.
Waters. What waters. We're in the desert.
Make it ten. I am only a poor corrupt official.
Why two.
That was some going over your men gave my place this afternoon. We just barely got cleaned up in time to open.
Louis are you pro Vichy or Free French.
Oh thanks.
Tell me when we searched the place where were they.
I think perhaps you're right.
Louis I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
I haven't the slightest idea.
No sir. I'm staying right here.
Just a little something of my own.
Well I don't think I can remember it.
So how are we going to get this place shaped up.
You've had today's water.
Thirsty.
Survive today that's the point.
You idiot if he dives he'll capsize the raft.
They're on autopilot.
They're always on autopilot. Or else it's night or you're in the sun or you're in the trough of a wave. They'll never see you.
Yeah. A long time ago.
Well not really I   
You are. Yes you are. What gave you the idea to paint on that cave.
Just sit here I'll get us some lunch.
You. Personally.
Hey be nice to it it'll be nice to you.
You smell like formaldehyde.
Yeah tell me. Tell me all of it.
I guess I hadn't thought through how I felt.
A week max. Okay. Okay.
Go on. We'll be fine. I'll feed Jango to the frogs.
Doctor Hegel tells me he discussed the Vietnam POW syndrome with you.
Sure.
Let's eat.
Sixty three pounds consumed per capita up from twenty seven in 1960. Going to pass beef. Chicken's global. No religious taboos. You don't see your Hindus and your Muslims boycotting poultry.
Just don't count 'em before they hatch.
Oh no the prodigal son's home. We bring out the store bought.
Kamal you're breaking up. Can you hear us.
Sure. Bettina Peterson. Marfa Texas. Let's run a current check.
Jesus. I got it working  You have no idea how hard it was  They're finally a team 
You're fucking dead.
Finish what you started. You haven't changed Chuck. It's still you.
Try to think of nothing Dorothy.
You weren't dreaming about me.
I was.
He's still a boy  out in the world he's still a boy.
It's that Mrs. Goodhall you have to be careful of Wilbur.
You don't find it depressing that Homer Wells is picking apples.
And that I can drive a truck.
Better than I can.
Really.
He's going to be dropping bombs on Mandalay. They're going to be shooting at him.
Okay 
Not with the right girl you wouldn't.
Okay okay  I know you do too.
Why.
*Homer* liked it. Didn't you.
Nobody special enough Curly.
*Alcohol* killed him  he drank himself to death.
Is that soon.
Maybe I was kissing someone and he bit me.
Really. Is it serious.
Actually someone did. I just didn't think I could eat anything.
*And* over the Himalayas. That's called flying over the hump.
Uh  actually picking apples is as much excitement as I want for a while. I'm grateful for the job.
You still doin' it too fast.
She just plan misunderstand me  I was tryin' to give her my knife I was just reachin' to touch her hand. But I understand if she misunderstand me  it's all my fault ain't that right.
Right.
If you take enough of it your intestines lose their ability to absorb Vitamin C.
I haven't either. But you *will*. The morons who write the books should do a little research *here*.
I don't think so.
I don't know. Just promise me one thing.
No trouble.
I guess you must like watchin' me be sick 
But you don't look very happy.
Rose please listen. Whatever you want to do I can help you.
Does it *snow* in Bombay. One winter here and we'll be shipping him south in a *coffin*.
Then I suppose we can look forward to catching various diseases from him.
We see you next harvest.
What have you two been doin' to make it look so nice.
Yeah you really showed him Daddy   you just about cut your own hand off and all you cut off *him* was his clothes.
You gotta let me go Daddy. Please 
Well typically corporate loans are relatively simple matters but you do need to demonstrate a capacity for gross fund recovery.
No no. Nothing like that. I work in a bank.
You're welcome. I was just going to ask you if you'd like to join us.
Maybe you can help us understand what's so hard about getting a corporate loan.
Gordo plays the inside. You're the Shill.
Factors that weren't clear to me until now.
Luck's a funny thing. Especially the bad.
It's like putting on a play where everyone knows their part except for the mark.
Fine. But only if we recover the cash.
So what. We hide right.
What are you. New. Let me tell you how good this guy is. Last night Al calls this bookie to settle up. Apparently he's been ducking him for like a month. So the guy asks him where he's got all this money all of a sudden right. What does Al do. Does he tell him that he cashed in a fucking Bar Mitzvah bond. Does he tell him he's been giving head out back for twenty bucks a pop. No  He starts going on about this job he just pulled and how he fleeced some Wall Street asshole type  How HE fleeced.
No that was the only semi fucking smart thing he said. Except anybody that's ever met Big Al knows that the only thing he's comfortable doing alone is eating. This guys tells this guy that guy tells some other guy eventually it works it's way back to someone who works for the King and   
Well this is just fucking great 
We'll use the Euc.
That's it.
Here and there Scooter. Here and there like Boston Chicago Houston. The bay area. Some action in London 'til it turned nickel and dime. Or how about that little stint down in Miami. Heard you actually got into some trouble with the Feds down there. You guy's pretty good.
I can't do that.
Come here.
Listen to me. It went to shit. It happens sometimes.
Here's my deal Don't waste my time. What do you want me for anyway. You don't even know me.
Honey this is Mr. Lewis. Carolyn Lewis's father. Mr. Lewis this is my wife Lily.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Lighten up.
But the fucking Grand Poo Bah of all jinxes. A bird in your house 
It's what I do. It's my job.
Do you have something to prove.
I don't know. I packed up my shit and ran away. To this  So unlike you I guess I do have something to prove in a repressed anger sort of way.
No I want my cut.
You sold me out. You should have trusted me like I trusted you. You fucked up. You fucked up HUGE.
My place.
You sure we're clear.
Miles 
What.
Yeah or D it's a dumb fucking idea 
You know this is kind of embarrassing but my wallet was stolen yesterday and I'm afraid the ticket was in it. But the name's Pearson.
This is embarrassing.
Your buddy. That fat guy. The King couldn't wait to have that guy whacked. He didn't even know who the guy was but he was so pissed off at him he gets him drilled. It ain't personal. It's business.
Maybe he's got it right. Maybe we're all just looking for a safe place to shit.
What.
Stand up.
Good. Good. Do not let Vig out of your sight.
I've been looking for this Jake Vig for some time now. Problem is the guy's the invisible man. A spook a spectre a ghost. Then like a gift Jake's good buddy and member of his crew Alfonse Moorely is found the other day with a hole in his head.
Maybe another time.
I despise the job.
Ah we all say that. But if we hate it why do we do it.
How about we split the diff  Seven fifty.
I want a job Giles.
Habib.
I'll try and make it.
Looking forward.
Who was he.
Get what. Are you accusing me of cheating.
A bit unexpected wasn't it.
You mean I won't resist them.
Of course they will. You just have to be patient. I'm betting on you.
It came my way. 450 a week.
I love you Jack you know that.
   It's because of the sex isn't it. You don't like the sex in it.
It will.
Really.
Gambling's about not facing reality. Ignoring the odds.
Then what.
How can anyone be that naive.
And the lies. Gamblers are born liars.
Remember the guy who cheated at the table.
What kind of trouble.
I don't have any money. switches on the light. JANI is looking distressed.
The point is they want a man inside.
Let it go.
Thank you.
Well life's not fair. We know that.
Are you going to put a spell on me.
No thanks Matt. I need my eight hours.
I don't cheat Jack. You've got it wrong.
Mostly people in the casino business. A few drug dealers.
Do you have a Salon Prive.
I don't think so.
I said good call.
First offence: verbal warning. Second offence: written warning. That one's filed and sometimes copied to the Gaming Board. My discretion. Third offence: you're sacked on the spot. You'd never work in a casino in this country again. There's another rule: you're forbidden to talk to or recognise a punter outside the casino. If you see someone who's gambled here even if it's just casually on the street you must ignore him. Or her. You're not married are you.
Fine.
Where is it. What did you do with it.
It's Talby. He's drifting away from the ship without his jetpack.
Time to start talking.
Fuck that shit.
I am programmed to detonate in nine minutes. Detonation will occur at the programmed time.
I am always receptive to suggestions.
It is intuitively obvious.
Hmm  Well I think therefore I am.
My sensory apparatus reveals it to me.
Right.
In other words all I really know about the outside universe relayed to me through my electrical connections.
Yes of course you remember it but what you are remembering is merely a series of electrical impulses which you now realize have no necessary connection with outside reality.
Another unknown. Not on the charts. A red dwarf.
Naah. All stable.
Who cares. Don't bother me.
Wha.
Who cares.
   Remark.
Talby was in the air lock. You blew him out of the ship. I'm going after him. Turn on his helmet radio so I can contact him.
I like it up here.
I can't seem to locate the malfunction exactly 
Sh Talby don't bother me now.
Commander sir we have a big problem. You see the Veil Nebula bomb Bomb Number 20 is stuck. It won't drop from the bomb bay. It refuses to listen and plans to detonate in    less than eleven minutes.
What's that sir.
Yes sir. Negative effect.
It didn't work.
What were you saying Commander about the bomb.
Oh yes  Well Doolittle if you can't get it to drop you'll have to talk to it.
No.
No  Cause tonight the girls are here in a more or less professional capacity. All of them work for me and you don't  Let's go.
Thought I'd let you have first crack  Later.
Later.
I couldn't get to her. It all happened so fast. Logan had her and I saw him fall then Peter told me to run. And then he and I remember so clearly thinking it's me they want. If I run maybe they'll come after me. Maybe they won't think about her  So I ran 
Logan Cale.
One of my sources. Her husband was murdered by Edgar Sonrisa.
Completely different situation. I steal things in order to sell them. For money. It's called commerce. But some stranger sneaking into a girl's bedroom is bent.
Yes on all counts.
You need to get out more.
I remember fine. I just didn't understand what was going on. They never told us anything except what to do. It took me a long time afterwards to figure things out.
Hardly 
That's deep. But before you lecture me about the meaning of life maybe you oughta get one ta ta.
Not in any pain the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord.
We're quoting Mom again.
And whether you want to believe it or not you already fired the first shot. On another matter Federal Corrections used to keep records on distinguishing marks   scars tattoos. I did a search and came up with this.
I'll wait.
Not before we get something straight you prissy little bitch. I decide when I'm done with your boyfriend. Not him and certainly not you. Unless maybe you want to find out just how sharp these nails really are.
They don't exactly have a search engine for finding a bunch of kids with bar  codes on their necks which is something I'm not even going to ask about  
At least he didn't swing with your ride.
And because he's my friend.
Please 
I say hang the bastard out to dry let her see him for the heel he is then maybe she'll step to the all girl team and let mama licious ease her pain.
Not right now. Okay when.
You're gonna pay me fifty thousand dollars 
I have sincere eyes.
I gotta meet Natalie for dinner.
We gotta talk.
Then a sympathetic mouth then a sympathetic  
But you explain that you're a compassionate and understanding person who can find it in your heart to forgive me.
Shut up 
How 'bout you don't break my sneakers on this. The guy is seriously not well.
I'm taking the rest of the day off 'cause I'm not feeling so hot.
I'd be in a position to spend some money on you if you'd get in a position and spend some time on me.
Right slow 
Bye.
What's it worth to you.
Just for the record I understood the last part of what you said but for a while there you guys were making no fucking sense whatsoever.
Pizza and I been jones in' for a pizza ever since we left St. Bernard's.
Okay enough. Enough. Gimme the tickets. I wanna hold onto them.
Gimme a second dudes. Lemme think.
Wake up Lex. This is Detroit. The cops aren't gonna waste city dollars looking for a Swedish car. Face it the Volvo's on a cutting board as we speak getting sliced diced and julienned by Christine the chop shop gourmet.
Cool bro now listen up 
Okay one of us sneaks in gets four ticket stubs off some kids in the audience comes back out and we all re enter the concerto. Voila.
Yeah you're probably too young anyhow.
Gone.. Why would I have the KISS tick .
Check.
Check.
What.. Are you mentally deranged Jam.
Uh uh. Don't tell us Jam. Just show us.
See you at 8:30 Jam. Later. Dudes. Later.
Change. What's wrong with what I got on.
What..
Okay  when she peeled off that gown you'll never guess what she was wearing underneath.
Damn she musta hot wired it. We picked up a professional car thief in the shape of Olivia Newton John.
What do you want.
So  in order to travel back in time you'd have to have a big spaceship or something that can travel faster than the speed of light   
Theoretically.
Uhh  sure. And in order for the vessel to travel through time it must find the portal in this case the wormhole or some unforeseen portal that lies undiscovered.
You are contradicting yourself Donnie. If we could see our destines manifest themselves visually  then we would be given the choice to betray our chosen destinies. The very fact that this choice exists  would mean that all pre formed destiny would end.
That's not what I heard. Now they think I did it.
Why do they call you Frank.
You should already know that. Watch the movie Donnie. I have something to show you.
He stabbed my mom four times in the chest.
Donnie Darko is a cool name. Sounds like a superhero.
Don't knock soap. Without it disease would spread rapidly. If we ran out  you and I would never live to see the year 2000.
The best thing about soap is that it's the only thing on earth that can never get dirty. No matter what crap you throw on it  it always rubs off. And there it is again  perfect.
No. I just wake up and I look around try to figure out where I am  how I got there.
So when you sleepwalk you go somewhere familiar.
Like  a Hawaiian sunset  the Grand Canyon. Things that remind you how beautiful the world can be.
Well 
What.
It feels wonderful.
Of course. A rabbit is not like us. It has no history books  it has no knowledge of sorrow or regret. I like bunnies and all. They're cute  and they're horny. And if you're cute and horny  then you're probably happy that you don't know who you are  or why you're even alive. But the only thing I've known rabbits to do is have sex as many times as possible before they die.
Tell them that everything is going to be just fine. It is up to the children to save themselves these days. Because the parents  they don't have a clue.
Yeah but if I told her about the other stuff about Frank 
But it was an accident. The house was under construction.
People get hurt. I don't want to hurt anyone.
It would have to be God's portal. They will lead me to it. Then I will go back in time  and I won't feel regret anymore.
He's right there  He can read my mind and he'll show me the way out of this. The sky is going to open up  and then He will reveal himself to me.
Well I think you're the fucking Anti Christ.
What I think is going on with your son.
I didn't realise it was such a big deal.
I caught him flushing pills down the toilet. He knows you check the container.
I think we've all seen Bonanza.
Rose  I don't know if you realise how great an opportunity this is for our daughters. This has been a dream of ours for a long time. Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion.
No more fuckin' for her.
I stole four beers from my dad.
No. Mom said if I did she'd look up my dad and marry him.
Oh yah.
You betcha.
No don't say it. Another stray bullet to the head.
I just did.
Bitch.
Yah I brought her some flowers this morning. She's in the room next to my mom. She's super happy.
Yes Leslie.
So if uh you wanted to do somethin' 
This here's Loretta.
I'll be right back. See ya later.
Anyone.
Ohio 
That bitch from 
Wisconsin.
I wonder how she's gonna fix that one.
That's why we Lutherans use grape Koolaid for the blood of Christ.
Shut up Hank. This here's business.
Harold.
You get nothing Hank okay.
Oh I almost forgot  I got my acceptance to Tokyo University.
The king can do no wrong.
King Solomon was game he gave each Girl his name to number them would make a list that long I'll bet his thousand wives led miserable lives if the king can do no wrong.
That doesn't sound right  take out President  now read it.
There's still something wrong with it  take out President..now what've you got.
None of your business  Take another letter.
He could be playing solitaire but I don't think so.
You haven't been still a moment since you've been here. You act as if you had neurosis   
Did you shoot the rapids.
You've got a brain after all   and how you get along without it is amazing to me Now who can I insult . Who do we owe money to . AMBASSADOR TRENTINO. How about him.
You told it to me.
Sure we gotta have a spy. If we no got a spy who's gonna tell the other side what we're doing.
Who said I had a gun  Gimme those plans you paper snatchers   
That's all right our men can ride your horses.
Anything else.
He's working very hard   I got him a job driving Firefly's car   He's a driving him crazy and I'm driving him nuts   P E A N U T S
If we should choose to chew we'll be pursued  
Yes but I'll talk to you about that when we're alone 
I'll keep the greetings but you can send back the good will  what we need right now is twenty million dollars.
THEN IT'S WAR.
Mrs. Teasdale no matter who rules Freedonia to me you will always be the first lady of the land.
I don't know. I can't explain it. If this is an intelligent man trapped in the body of a monster then I'm under a moral obligation to help free that mind free that spirit as best I can to help him live as full and content a life as possible. But. If he's an imbecile who's body I can't treat and who's mind I can't touch well then my obligation is discharged. They can put him where they will; he won't be bothered I won't be bothered and everyone's conscience can remain free and untroubled. And that is my dilemma  what is in his mind.
Dinner will be served shortly dear.
 Freddie. What's the matter. You've been like this all evening.
But why did I do it. What was this all for. So John Merrick could live out his last days in peace and comfort. Or so I could become famous.
I'll get my bag.
Everything will be seen to.
Just a moment how did you get in here.
DON'T  Don't muck me about. You've had plenty of time to fix him up and he's leaving with me NOW. Do you understand me. Now Mr. Treves. We had a bargain.
Mmmm. Hodges Pierce come closer. Mr. Hill take hold of the rope please. It's a machine accident. I expect you'll be seeing a good deal of this.
What a mess.
Oui dat de tongues of de mans is be full of deceits.
Ay pilgrim lips that they must use in prayer.
Well it is a miracle he ever got back. And I'm sure Mr. Treves under your expert care he'll have many happy years ahead.
y y yes  
Yes.
Say hello to London for me. I miss her.
You know I saw you once there in London. You're a great attraction.
Good morning.
Thank you  very much.
Where did you get this box.
Very good. Oh yes. Now listen. I'm going to say some things to you and I want you to repeat them  um  I want you to say them back to me. Do you understand. I'm going to say some things to you and I want you to say them back to me. Do you understand.
My name is 
John  Merrick
Say Mmmerrick.
Hello my name is John Merrick.
Oh yes. It is much better than what I am used to.
Yes.
How is your tea John.
Your mother.
Here.
You don't think it's too gaudy do you.
Yes John.
Yes  Well I want you to clear up a little mess a breakfast tray was spilt. And bring up another breakfast. When you've done that you and I shall give the man a bath. But Mothershead I'm counting on your many years of experience to get you through this Above all do not scream do not cry out or in any way show this man that you are frightened of him 
I'm sure that if Mr. Merrick made a good impression on the hospital committee they'd see that he's the exception to their rule. Now I'm not expecting miracles. I'm not saying he'll be able to read or write but I do think that I can get him to speak for himself. I'm going to arrange things with Carr Gomm right now. That was very good John very good. That's all for today. We shall do some more tomorrow. Mothershead.
But you saw them sir. They couldn't hide their disgust. They don't care anything for John they're just trying to impress their friends.
I bathed him didn't I. I fed him and cleaned up after him. If loving kindness can be called care and practical concern then yes I did treat him with loving kindness and I'm not ashamed to say it.
Very smart indeed.
You don't think it's too gaudy do you.
Never mind. I'm the owner.
You're losing your temper.
But surely you know .
What  you mean got into bed with them.
HAVE you ever been to bed with anyone else.
We never went to bed together.
The fifth one this week.
That's right.
I  but I 
No living man has ever set foot in the Halls of Asgaard  The Gods will never let you return.
Well  isn't it great.
You've got to let me go.
It's obvious you haven't raped anyone in your life.
No  right  this is RAPE  Mark you I'm not saying I couldn't get to like you  in fact  well to be quite honest I prefer it when there's some sort of mutual feeling between two people 
About raping me.
To pay for the next expedition of course.
I'll ask the Gods to give you life again.
Sorry.
Like fish.
It doesn't matter WHERE you sit.
I have to go 
I  I 
What have you got there.
Yes yes  of course . the Blacksmith's Code 
Can't make enough axe heads.
YOU do it.
You'll be able to throw it further than I could.
I went berserk in every battle I ever fought for King Harald 
But it's a responsibility being a Berserk.
No Mother.
They can't erase memories. It's a joke. It's a nasty Clementine hoax.
Yeah.
Yeah you told me that later.
No one.
Okay I guess.
Exactly. Tom Waits. Which song.
I can't remember.
You think that could possibly be a full time job. How many hair colors could there be.
Someone's got that job. Agent Orange. I came up with that one. Anyway there are endless color possibilities and I'd be great at it.
My writing career. Your hair written by Clementine Kruczynski. The Tom Waits album is Rain Dogs.
Well you don't know me so  you don't know do you.
It's no problem. Anyway I have some stuff I need to   
You're sure. It's cold.
Yeah.
The song's 9th and Hennepin. I spent most of the train ride trying to remember. Till you're full of rag water and bitters and blue ruin/And you spill out/Over the side to anyone who'll listen. Remember.
Sort of um 
This  someone gave that to me just like recently. I like it too. I like crows. I think I used to be a crow.
I miss grade school. I don't know why I'm calling it grade school all of a sudden. When I went we called it elementary school. But I like grade school better. Sounds like something someone from the forties would call it. I'd like to be from then. Everyone wore hats. Anyway cheers.
Yeah I don't know. It's hard to know.
Yeah.
I don't either. I used to. But I'm through with that. Y'know if I don't love my body then I'm just lost. You know. With all the wrinkles and scars and the general falling apart that's coming 'round the bend. So I've been seeing this guy 
That's scary sounding.
Okay.
Yeah. Oh great.
Okay.
Clem I'm sorry. I shouldn't have   
It's my favorite book. Since I was a kid. It's about these toys. There's this part where the skin Horse tells the rabbit what it means to be real. I can't believe I'm crying already. He says It takes a long time. That's why it doesn't often happen to people who break easily or have sharp edges or who have to be carefully kept. Generally by the time you are Real most of your hair has been loved off and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don't matter at all because once you are Real you can't be ugly except to people who don't understand.
Oh.
Joel Joely look  it's not fading. The memory. I think we're hidden.
What.
Gross. You must remember to tell me this in the morning. I'm like so freaked out now.
Yes but I can't love a man named Wally.
Hide me somewhere deeper. Somewhere buried.
This kid Joe Early is going to beat the shit out of me.
This is our first date date.
It would be different if we could just give it another go around.
I'll give you a couple. See what you think.
Did this conversation come before or after we saw the house.
I think before.
It's dark.
What if you stay this time.
Come back and make up a good bye at least. Let's pretend we had one.
We should have sex. It's old hat for us.
Oddly enough I do.
Your dried cum.
How's it going.
This is it. The night we met. My God it's over.
It was a mess. I don't know how it got this way 
You take it. I don't know.
The thing is Joel whatever it is you think you have with this chick once the thrill wears off you're just going to be Joel with the same fucking problems.
Hi Rob and Carrie.
I've got to finish this chapter anyway.
I hope you get your work done.
Yeah.
Oh sweetie. It really does cut both ways. We were taking each other for granted and   
Hi Mary. How's it going.
Don't you think Howard's like that. Smart. Important.
Where.
I don't know. I just said that.
Hell no.
Happy. Happy with a secret.
The office is filled with people who want their memories re erased.
That was beautiful to watch Howard. Like a surgeon or a concert pianist.
Well thank you Mary.
It's no big deal.
It's fine Mary. I'm happy to hear it.
Okay. Good. Great. Thanks. I like you Howard  an awful lot. Is that terrible.
I have a family Mary.
1062 Sherman Drive. Apartment 1E Rockville Center.
December 15th 2004. I met someone tonight. Oh Christ: I don't know what to do. Her name is Clementine and she's amazing. So alive and spontaneous and passionate and sensitive. Things with Naomi and I have been stagnant for so long.
Did you try going through C Gate.
Would you just try him. You never know. As long as I'm here. You never know.
Not a dump then but kind of plain. Uninspired. And there's a stale smell. Sort of stuffy. I don't know. Stuffy.
This one's history. Moving on 
She was beautiful. So sweet and funky and voluptuous. I kind of stole a pair of her panties is what.
Clockworks.
Siwash huh.
The world isn't going to end you dummy; I hope you know that much. But it is going to change. It's going to change drastically and probably in your lifetime. The Clock People see calamitous earthquakes as the agent of change and they may be right since there are a hundred thousand earthquakes a year and major ones are long overdue. But there are far worse catastrophes coming  unless the human race can bring itself to abandon the goals and values of civilization in other words unless it can break the consumption habit and we are so conditioned to consuming as a way of life that for most of us life would have no meaning without the yearnings and rewards of progressive consumption. It isn't merely that our bad habits will cause global catastrophes but that our operative political economic philosophies have us in such a blind crab grip that they prevent us from preparing for the natural disasters that are not our fault. So the apocalyptic shit is going to hit the fan all right but there'll be some of us it'll miss. Little pockets of humanity. Like the Clock People. Like you two honeys if you decide to accept my offer of a lease on Siwash Cave. There's almost no worldwide calamity famine nuclear accident plague weather warfare or reduction of the ozone shield that you couldn't survive in that cave.
I don't.
Oh I know about Sissy Hankshaw all right. I've done a little hitchhiking myself. Ah shucks that's like telling Annie Oakley you're a sharpshooter because you once knocked a tomato can off a stump with a fieldstone. I'd heard tales about you from people I'd meet in jail cells and truckstops. I heard about your uh your ah your wonderful thumbs and I heard how you were Jack Kerouac's girl friend 
Well that doesn't matter; that part never interested me anyway. The beatnicks were before my time and I never got anything outta the hippies but bad dope clichés and the clap. But the example of your life helped me in my struggle to be a cowgirl.
Really. The Chink huh. I've gathered that you sometimes speak with him. What else have you learned from the Chink.
Learned from the Chink. Oh my. Ha ha. That's hard to say. We mostly . Uh a lot of his talk is pretty goofy.
Hell no the cranes are wonderful okay but I'm not in this for whooping cranes. I'm in it for cowgirls. If we cowgirls give in to authority on this crane issue then cowgirls become just another compromise. I want a finer fate than that for me and for every other cowgirl. Better no cowgirls at all than cowgirls compromised.
Chink's the guy's name for Christ's sake.
Getting dressed. I've got to go.
I have to go Julian.
My thumbs hurt. I've made a mistake. I've been negligent. I haven't exercised. I have to hitchhike a little bit every day no matter what. It's like a musician practicing his scales. When I don't practice my timing gets off my thumbs get stiff and sore.
Yep.
That's the very first time in the eons that I've known you that I've ever heard you complain. And now you're tired poor darling.
Freak schmeek. Most of us are freaks in one way or another. Try being born a male Russian countess into a white middle class Baptist family in Mississippi and you'll see what I mean.
Oh my dear yes I bought a little ranch out West sort of a tribute to the women of America who have cooperated with me in eliminating their odor by using my vaginal products Dew spray mist and Yoni Yum spray powder. A tax write off actually.
Shit O dear that's enough to make me asthmatic. The nerve of those twits. What do they know about female odor. Don't interrupt. Here's my concept. My ranch out West. It's a beauty ranch. Oh it's got a few head of cattle for atmosphere and tax purposes. But it's a beauty ranch a place where unhappy women divorcees and widows mainly can go to lose weight remove wrinkles change their hair styles and pretty themselves up for the next disappointment. My ranch is named the Rubber Rose after the Rubber Rose douche bag my own invention and bless its little red bladder the most popular douche bag in the world. So get this. It's on the migratory flight path of the whooping cranes. The last flock of wild whooping cranes left in existence. Well these cranes stop off at my little pond Siwash Lake it's called twice a year autumn and spring and spend a few days each time resting up eating doing whatever whooping cranes do. I've never seen them understand but I hear they're magnificent. Very big specimens I mean huge mothers and white as snow to coin a phrase except for black tips on their wings and tail feathers and bright red heads. Now whooping cranes in case you didn't know it are noted for their mating dance. It's just the wildest show in nature. It's probably the reason why birdwatching used to be so popular with old maids and deacons. Picture these rare beautiful gigantic birds in full dance leaping six feet off the mud arching their backs flapping their wings strutting low to the ground. Dears it's overwhelming. And picture the birds doing their sex dance on TV. Right there on the home screen creation's most elaborate sex ritual yet clean and pure enough to suit the Pope. With lovely Sissy Hankshaw in the foreground. In a white gown red hood attached and big feathery sleeves trimmed in black. In a very subdued imitation of the female whooping crane she dance/walks over to a large nest in which there sits a can of Yoni Yum. And a can of Dew. Off camera a string quartet is playing Debussy. A sensuous voice is reading a few poetic lines about courtship and love. Are you starting to get it. Doesn't it make the hair on your neck stand up and applaud. My very goodness gracious. Grandiose lyrical erotic and Girl Scout  oriented; you can't top it. I've hired a crew of experts from Walt Disney Studios the best wildlife cinematographers around. You're my eternal favorite. Princess Grace herself couldn't be better not even if she had your personality which she doesn't; Anyway dear I'm out of photography now and into water colors. Ah how circuitous conversation is. We're back at the beginning. The exact man I've wanted you to meet is my artist the watercolorist.
You can call him Baby bear he loves that 
The containment Second Containment 
I'd rather spend the next twelve hours Outside than another five minutes in this can. This ship is bad. It watches you.
We're still venting trace gasses gimme twenty minutes to plug the hole.
You weren't there. I saw it.
There must be a way. What about Engineering.
Can you shut it down.
I don't need sleep DJ. I need answers.
What happened.
Pressure.
Navigation Control tried to hail the vessel. This was the only response.
Almost done I just gotta check one thing 
I designed the ship's propulsion system. I am the only person capable of evaluating the performance of the gravity drive. You can't send a Search and Rescue team out there alone and expect them to succeed. That would be like  like sending an auto  mechanic to work on the shuttle.
This is not about my reputation. This is not about me at all. The Event Horizon was created for one reason: to go faster than light. Imagine mankind exploring new solar systems colonizing new worlds. Seven years ago we didn't just lose the ship and the crew. We lost the dream. I have to go.
Someone sent that message. Admiral you have to put me on that ship.
I put in for a replacement for you but no one 
I don't know this place is really dark I can't see a thing 
The clock is running Dr. Weir. If you'll follow the rest of the crew they'll show you to the gravity tanks.
I've been authorized to brief you and the crew once we reach Neptune space.
You're insane. You've lost your mind.
We will take the Lewis and Clark to a safe distance and then launch tac missiles at the Event Horizon until I am satisfied that she has been destroyed. Fuck this ship.
Your fear. Do you remember the Goliath Miller.
You're lying .
Locked and cocked.
 Make your approach vector negative fourteen degrees 
You heard me Smith. Peters are you with me.
Radiation interference.
So where is the rest of the crew. We've been over every inch of this ship and all we've found is blood. Dr. Weir. Any suggestions.
Dr. Weir you were right there you must have heard something seen something 
I didn't say that I said the bio  readings correspond to what happened to you the ship is reacting to us 
Stay here. Don't stop working.
Can you shut it down.
Skipper Justin just activated the door. It's on a thirty second delay 
That's the Core: the gravity drive. The heart of the ship.
1000 meters 
I don't know. The life readings just went off the scale.
My step dad's. I'm strictly into stone. I was wondering when you'd walk by.
What did he do to the uniform..
I don't care about rocks I care about you. You bring him back in one piece or you can forget being Best Man.
I'm sure he's matured since then.
Reed. Even you can't compute every little thing.
Ben I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe  
Yeah well his eyes say different.
Hey I'm Mr. Sensitivity now. Clear the way wide load coming through.
Meet me at 4:01 top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up.
What about you.
You've been working out.
Please tell me you go silent too.
Top left like you asked. Today Wall Street. Tomorrow who knows  maybe Washington.
Sue  look at your hands.
What . Oh.
Okay. Is there any way to duplicate that feeling. Some memory or 
I think it was a little more complicated than   
Of course I was. I'd read all your papers on bioethics. Some of them two times just so I'd have something to say to you.
You remember in school we talked about working together. That's what I was about to explain 
Just find him.
Oh I think you already have.
For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
Arnold. What's happening.
Totally.
First door on your left.
U.S. History. Mr. Hand.
Hey yo.
I take out the garbage.
Don't strain yourself.
I've been doing some thinking. It's my last school year. I'm a single successful guy. I think I want my freedom.
I don't know. I was just curious.
No.
He insulted me first. He called me a moron.
Ugh.
Leave me alone.
Aren't you curious to see how your class picture turned out.
He's my friend too.
All right I take it back.
It's definitely your mama.
Did you get her number.
It's never too soon. Girls decide how far to let you go in the first five minutes.
Damone. You come here.
Chicken.
Sensitive what is that.
Well it pretty much speaks for itself. Peter you want to run with it.
I thought he was out of town.
All right.
You can't fix this car Spicoli.
Come on Stacy it's your section and your man.
He was hot wasn't he.
If he ever calls again I'll say I'm eighteen.
Stacy. What does it matter. He's a stereo salesman. You want to marry him. You want to have kids with him. You want this guy to come home fifty years old and he's still got that little Pacific Stereo badge on. Come on.
Why don't you put your mother's secret book back.
Wouldn't penis and balls be the same category.
Does that ever happen.
Listen to this  it says 'Most women derive pleasure from sex but they don't have real orgasms.'
He works for the airline. He'll be out here. You'll meet him.
What do you think it is.
Hey Doug Stallworth. It's his loss.
Thank you Desmond. What's the reason for your truancy.
You mean you couldn't. Or you wouldn't.
Do you have a guy like me every year. A guy to  I don't know make a show of. Teach other kids lessons and stuff.
You're gonna flunk me..
How about your phone number.
I don't know. Wherever you want.
How about the point.
Yes.
My other question is  can I have your phone number so I can ask you out sometime.
Do you really have to go.
Well  it's getting kind of late.
What's April 16th.
I'll get you the notes.
Yeah. I want you to have this picture so you won't forget what I look like. And so you'll remember to call me over the summer.
Well thank you.
Of course. And now I have to get back to the news. Send up some ice.
They're everywhere. Nobody's safe. And sure as hell not in the South. They like warm weather  You'd never believe it. In L.A. it's out of control. First it was drugs now it's witchcraft.
WHAT.
Do. Jesus Christ man. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot. Then they cut all kinds of holes in her head and sucked out the blood.
You know what I mean. We've done it before and we can damn well do it again.
A great town that Vegas. I bet you had good luck there. You're the type.
One toke. You poor fool. Wait till you see those goddamn bats.
It's okay. He's admiring the shape of your skull.
We will. You Samoans are all the same. You have no faith in the essential decency of the white man's culture.
We wandered into a fucking time capsule.
Please don't tell me those things  Not now. This is my last drink. How much money can you lend me.
Don't kid yourself. That Portuguese son of a bitch is dangerous. He's watching us like a hawk.
OK. But do me one last favor will you. Can you give me two hours. That's all I ask just two hours to sleep before tomorrow. I suspect it's going to be a very difficult day.
There's no choice. I wouldn't dare go to sleep with you wandering around with a head full of acid and wanting to slice me up with that goddamn knife.
Shit. I met her on the plane and I had all that acid. You know those little blue barrels. I gave her a cap before I realized  she's a religious freak  Jesus she's never even had a drink.
Right. Let's find a good seafood restaurant and eat some red salmon. I feel a powerful lust for red salmon 
Don't mention that word around here. You'll get them excited.
This is a fucking nightmare.
 and every one of them stacked naked 
Hurry up with those drinks. We're thirsty. Only two rums. Make mine a Bloody Mary.
Yes.
I think we should put her on the payroll. See what she comes up with.
Not my jurisdiction. The city limits are two point two miles beyond the rest area. Can you make it that far.
Where is everyone.
Nah I got the gun.
What.
Well why don't you keep your observations to yourself.
Fuck no.
He's dead.
Your brother huh.
Gimme a couple dabs on the tongue.
Will I go crazy or something.
Okay then.
No one goes anywhere alone. Least of all unarmed.
Two.
Holds four.
Nine.
F f fuck you.
What the hell's going on here..
What.
If he doesn't shut up 
As long as it's dark they're around. They hide wait for you to drop your guard and then attack.
GO GO GO..
All right.
She's still alive I hope. I wouldn't have made it this far if it weren't for the chance of seeing my little girl again. I need to get to her.
I'd love to.
Are you lying to me.
Well 
Louella  didn't she call me a spoiled little bitch.
I don't know who she fucked to get where she is but I don't think it was me.
Frances Farmer contract player six  month option.
I don't care if my clothes are taken seriously. Or my car.
That's right. I don't want them breathing down my neck while we're in London.
I know but   
Showdown.
Dick we need some time apart   
Dick 
I'm afraid not. You see we observe things that you're unaware of: signs indicators. Your problem cuts very deep Frances and we have to get at that deeper stuff so that when you do get out you'll really feel secure. Does that make sense.
Be patient that's all. Take an interest in your treatment and don't dwell on your resentments. You'll be yourself again I assure you.
Thank you Harry.
 No Ralph. I don't believe I ever was sick. But when you're treated like a patient long enough you're apt to act like one 
Thank you Frances. And after the show we're hosting a reception for you and your friends at Hollywood's own Roosevelt Hotel.
Well Harry York is a guy who  well he does a lot of things. Why do you ask.
If I didn't I wouldn't put you through it.
I don't know honey. Your mother has such big plans for you.
Occupation.
I'm telling you straight if you have any serious ambitions stay clear of the place. It'll crush you.
What is this.
Yeah. Well if you didn't put it in the papers nobody'd even know about it.
No  Actually you look more like a cop.
You know my Dad's done some work for Kaminski 
I just wanted to see how you looked.
How'd I look.
Don't be a rat Harry.
Quietly.
Me. Look at you. What're you doing in Hollywood.
But  but why Harry . Why'd they do it.
Well the studio told me not to.
If they say they love it they'll probably love it. Not everybody lies you know.
But I don't want to be like that. I want to do something 
He deserves a show. He missed the movie.
You're coming.
That sure looks like fun  You know how long it's been since I was behind the wheel.
Hey. Another shot for the lady and a double for me.
Huh.
 Touch me again and I'll kill you you pig.
Yes.
Well I was picking fruit with some migrant workers until 
Miss Farmer you were advised at the last hearing that if you took one drink of liquor or failed to be a law abiding citizen   
What.
But I want to. I'm trying.
I need an incendiary. An arsonist.
Mama .
I told him to come up. I told him you wanted to show them all that there's nothing wrong with you any more that you're completely cured.
You  you selfish selfish child. At least talk to him hear what he has to say.
No. No it all depends on what offers I get.
Thank you for understanding Mama.
I will I promise.
But what   
No. You're not talking now. You listen. You can send me away Lillian you can pretend I'm crazy and pretend I'm still your little girl who can't take care of herself but one thing you can't pretend anymore. You can't pretend I love you because I don't. I can't. Not after what you've done to me. Because you see  I'm still me  I'm trying real hard all this time to be me  and you 'little sister' you haven't been any help at all. Okay boys I'm ready.
No my dear. You must be mistaken.
Besides I don't want to be what you want to make me.
All right. Will you please sit down now. Symington says.
 Did you really say that.
Do you really believe your mother's trying to kill you.
But you tell me you had a pleasant visit and your mother says you were sullen and uncommunicative. Whom do you think I should believe.
The music. Or the fire.
Better that way  for me.
There was something at work in my soul which I do not understand.
I do know that for the sympathy of one living being I would make peace with all. I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine. And rage the likes of which you would not believe. If I cannot satisfy the one I will demonically indulge the other. That choice is yours. You're the one who set this in motion Frankenstein.
We'd travel north my bride and I. To the furthest reaches of the Pole where no man has ever set foot. There we would live out our lives. Together. No human eye would ever see us again. This I vow.
SHE'LL NEVER BE YOURS. SHE SAID MY NAME. SHE REMEMBERS.
Scandalous. What would your dear mother say.
Father's so proud.
I wish to be your wife.
Your decision. For us.
 until our wedding night. When our bodies will join.
Yes. We're in danger here. Every moment we stay.
He died. Raving about phantoms. He was mad poor devil. Gather a detail. Have the body removed from my cabin.
Can you think of a better reason.
I've been preoccupied.
Is that your diagnosis.
I once saw it done as a boy in Canton. My parents were missionaries. The cure was nothing short of miraculous. I've never forgotten it. Been fascinated ever since.
Numbers four and twelve directly into the nervous system.
Bill Bill Bill is out there 
I will protect you.
You want to leave.
Artist.
Can't hear anything through that wind and rain.
 I know what you mean. Two and a quarter. Plus fifteen percent tip to make up for me spending the night alone.
Just my son and I.
They're gonna kill us. They get us across the border they're gonna take us out in the desert and shoot us.
He's running the show.
Good. Your old man's all right he just saved your life.
Yes she is.
How'd she die.
You want me to sit here and be passive. The only way being passive in this situation makes sense is if I believe you'll let us go. I'm not there yet. You have to convince me you're telling the truth.
I never said do what I do I said do what I say.
I didn't say fuck him. I'm just not connected anymore.
Other places have beds they also have cable TV a gym room service 
Good girl. Now Scott we have even less time so I'm only giving you the count of three. One 
Mexico.
Yes.
Okay.
Well if there ain't there sure oughta be. Who knows what goes on inside Mongoloid's mind.
What. Are you kidding. I didn't do anything.
I wasn't scratching.
You callin' him a liar.
Well that don't matter now 'cause you got about two fuckin' seconds to live. Richie.
This bar is for bikers and truckers only. You get out.
He didn't recognize shit.
No.
There's nothing wrong with me brother. That woman tried to escape and I did what I had to do.
You meant that but you meant the other too.
We are.
Por favor Senorita. Would you care to join us.
Who's we.
Would you care for a beverage. Tea.
I'm not out to change your sex lieutenant. You'll have separate beds separate heads. If you have specific medical needs inform the infirmary. If a classmate or superior acts in an harassing or otherwise unbecoming manner please inform me immediately so I can deal with it immediately. Questions.
It's this double standard the separate quarters the deferential treatment. It's how you pulled out my chair and nearly served high tea the first time we met.
No sir WHAT.
Straight up.
Wouldn't dream of it sir.
O'Neil. Our air's gonna crap out as soon as we get down there. You know that don't you.
Congress and the Pentagon share a lot of plumbing. They'll never know whose leak it is.
I'd like to think our next Secretary of the Navy would be prepared for anything Mr. Hayes.
High school pentathlete  ROTC scholarship graduated with honors  top marks in Basic Training  and as it just so happens a constituent of my home state of Virginia. Oh the things I'll do for one extra vote.
Would I be the only one. The only woman.
Well I spoke with Mr. Hayes this morning myself and told him the deal was off. No more test cases. He was only too happy to oblige. Don't play politics with me little darlin'. You'd be up way past your bedtime.
G.I. Jane. And which one of you told me she wouldn't last a week. Huh.
I'll work on it ma'am.
Do that.
I can make this wall without   
Flea. O'Neil. Why is there a break in that line.
Get it up.
I was looking for him earlier but 
Blank faces here O'Neil.
So dump on me.
Thank you Royce. It was shaping up like such a tough call and then you go and make it so goddamn easy. Really thank you so much.
Me. Why me.
Well now I feel so much better.
You're kind of a surprise yourself.
How'd you make it last time Wick. How'd you get through this part.
Last time I didn't.
This is insane. You've got no proof.
I'm not the one who got five good men thrown in a bamboo cage. You wear the bars you made the call and you got your whole crew   
You think we should go easy on women O'Neil.
I think we oughtta practice it just so you know what to expect.
Good to see you again too sir.
Show us where you are Chief.
That your desk. I'll take this one.
Sabotage born of economics. Wouldn't be a first. But is Hayes really going to start his watch with such a public failure.
Christ I don't want to see her take a fall. She thinks I do but 
Audrey you're too damned nice that's your problem. Nice gets you nothin' in this town. You gotta be a killer to get ahead you know what I'm sayin'. I'm sorry baby but you just don't got what it takes.
Where's Audrey.
In the bedroom. Crying her eyes out because of you.
Perfect. You wanted a story well baby you got one.
What.
Yes. Do you realize that a creature like this could lay as many as a dozen eggs at a time.
Your station won't have any easier time contacting the military than I did.
Oh please your life doesn't suck. His life sucks.
Who is he.
Your old sweetheart.
What's it to you.
And you're beautiful 
I can't.
Oh I'm not married.
That is when we will go in.
And how should we do that Sir.
Follow me.
I need you to trust me.
Good idea.
Just don't.
 Yes sir. Your quarters sir.
Yes sir. Marvelous isn't it. Completely distractionless.
Yes sir  The use of your waste facilities were strangely absent from the historical records so we had to extrapolate purely on the basis of your anatomy.
I  I don't think I'm going to make it Sir 
Friend. You stole all my best lines. You cut me out of episode two entirely 
COME IN PROTECTOR  PROTECTOR 
Jason what have you gotten us into.
They're drifting toward me  I think they're magnetic .
As a matter of fact I do. Look at their eyes. They're obviously nocturnal. Come sundown they will go into the forest to hunt. So our plan is simply to wait for nightfall instead of mounting an insane assault in full daylight simply because we did it that way in episode 31.'
All this from watching the.. historical records.
I have sectors 1 28. I think Hector has the upper levels.
Yes but we were wondering 
I knew it . I KNEW it .
Okay  Okay now what.
We'd never have the budget for this.
How did you come to that conclusion.
That's It.
Yes.
No we don't have an extra Beryllium sphere.
All systems are working Commander. ~  cc	PINK)  ' C  
Sure Guy If you can stand the excitement.
Hey. Thanks for one nice intro  uh.
Whatever the one with the hologram. The wall of fire.
Not a clue. You.
We made it. Commander we made it.'
Only answers to me.
Gwen  Gwen c'mon wait no.
Yes. Yes I'm here.
Yeah. But I've got Gorignak staring me in the face. I think I can take it though 
Uh  I hate to break it to you Jason but I don't know how to shut down a neutron reactor and unless you took a Learning Annex course I don't know about I'm pretty sure you don't know how to shut down a neutron reactor either.
Well forget it. I'm not going. This episode was badly written.
Don't do it Tommy. He's not worth it.
I don't know.
Catch me later okay.
As you wish.
Oh I don't think so. I gave him both barrels.
I'm sorry. You deserve to be shown.
We have become aware of these concepts only recently. In our dealings with Sarris. Often Sarris will say one thing and do another. Promise us mercy and deliver destruction  It is a concept we are beginning to learn at some great cost. But if you are saying that any of you could have traits in common with Sarris.
But there it is .
You can oc that.
We've got to get out of here. C'mon hurry
Practice driving Tommy.
Get oacK on their tail.
Because they're coming right at us.
You seem pleased by the prospect.
Ben Franklin's going to Paris but I think the French will be long on talk and short on guns. Our troops are mobs they won't take orders have no equipment  could they beat the British.
Oh they have reasons  there's a lot of confusion these days.
Congress is talking openly about replacing you with Lee.
Gates. He used my battle plan and I humbly submit that without me he'd still be back at Saratoga waiting for the British to attack. George why haven't you moved into the Potts' house back at the creek. Much more befitting of a Commander and Chief than your field tent. And  you could entertain. I think you need to entertain more. Seriously. Get a few New Jersey whores up here invite some Congressmen  couldn't hurt.
There then you can have sort of a normal life.
Yes William. I am apologizing.
You've served me loyally year after year without complaining. I've thought hard about you this past winter. I want to free you Wil. I want to give you your freedom after this battle is fought.
I don't know what color is what officer my lord 
We've got powder but no ball.
It's a wonder they find the British cause worth dying for.
I don't know: delivering men and delivering men with their goodwill are two different things. And if he's popular with his men 
I think many would like to see him commander in chief.
Is that where our meat and boots and uniforms and muskets went.
These men have suffered but I believe they will fight.
I hear General Lee is holding seven thousand fresh infantry back in New York why won't he come on..
And Hamilton. Greene.
They help me understand why we fight.
Well I shall deny him to you. He is evil on earth.
I only meant 
These supplies .
I think I heard that.
Well I wouldn't want to trouble you with this now.
Don't condescend to me. We have both of us prospered from the arrangements of our kind 
We're leaving them.
Then maybe I do see what you're after perhaps  you get to chose again 
You've got to stop them here or our whole line will cave in. It's all right boys I'm here.
They're for my bodyguard. I have an absolute conviction that Arnold is planning to have me assassinated. It will be harder if I am surrounded by a body of men who look like me don't you think.
Africa of course.
And 'others' say  have you even read Locke Vattel Voltaire Diderot 
Well I hear 'The People'. Indentured servants freed slaves  escaped slaves. The world's castaways. And my fear is in the scramble for power that's coming you will betray them.
God damn you Sam Adams. You wanted a revolutionary army and now that we've really got one it scares you more than it does the British.
They all sound big at the talking stage.
I mean I don't care.
I can't. I got to take Farrah to Satan's place down in Costa Mesa.
Bear. The Colombians are in L.A. Seems they all upset about their money. That ain't enough as a bonus it turns out the yoyo was Escobar's nephew.
Farrah. Come here.
Remember Harry's story about the dry cleaner Palmer was after. Guy who stole the three hundred grand from the airline.
That's right me.
I'm with you on that. And don't you think it needs a good female part. Increase the romance angle.
Yeah I read it. I was just thinking you could make her older. We might even be able to get Karen Flores.
That's all there is to it huh.
I'm at 8150 Wonderland Avenue. It's right off Laurel.
Bear you're not really gonna – 
You must be makin' some big deals doin' lunch in a place like this.
You serious.
Who is this.
Depends. Who's this.
What three hundred grand.
Yeah. Well trust me. I'm very for real.
Ray. Look at me.
Hey fuckball I don't need your permission. L.A.'s an open city.
I am. I'm a fan of everything that's L.A. I love it out here.
Apparently way it went he invited her to come to Santa Anita to play the ponies with him. She told him what to do with that and he gave her one on the tush. My guess he's by his lonesome at the track right now.
I know what a marker is.
The shylock's the good guy.
Once.
Because I need half a million to buy a script.
A blockbuster. But quality. No mutants or maniacs. This one's gonna be my Driving Miss Daisy.
That or I'm thinking what if some tragic accident were to befall the widow Saffrin  –
A meeting with who. You and Karen.
Who.
He died.
Martin look at me.
I'm looking at you.
I turn it on when I confront the guy.
How do I know that.
You're not going to tell me the rest.
Wow. Mind if I take it for a spin.
Who told you that.
How. By taking my money.
You can keep what you won today. That's yours.
Yeah well make sure you lock it on the way out.
I spent all day crawling out of a grave. The costumer kept bitching 'cause I was ripping my nylons – 
I married Martin. That was a full  time job.
He must mean after Slime Creature 3.
Yeah. Right. Listen Touch of Evil's playing near my hotel. You wanna go check it out. Watch Charlton Heston play a Mexican.
You're as bad as Harry 
What I'm thinkin' is maybe Momo could buy it.
What's Momo gonna want with an old place shows old movies people don't care about no more. Outside of maybe turnin' it into a porno house I don't think he's gonna give much of a fuck. And you already got a job.
You said don't say nothing and I didn't.
You gonna start that again. You're just like him all you got room for in your brain is one fuckin' thing.
What she did not say was 'I just loved the way the director moved the camera so much it made me fuckin' seasick.' All she cared about was that look. All she remembered was that look. And why do we remember things in movies. Because we can see them.
That's where you got the idea.
What money.
Say again. Over.
I'll sleep good tonight knowing that.
Nah. Everything was cool. It's just one of those things.
Damn mind of it's own.
Why not.
I'm saying we gotta do whatever we gotta do to preserve our interest.
Hell no. You think I'm crazy.
Are you kidding me. Jealous. Epps. Gimme a break.
Smugglers maybe.
Hard to say.
I'm telling you you don't want to be running that fan like it is.
What do you want me to tell you that we can throw this sucker back in and start pulling her like nothing happened. Can't do it skipper.
Yeah yeah.
Warm water current maybe making the metal expand.
We'll stand a watch. Four on eight off. Low man first.
If they knew what they were carrying.
I think you know.
Right.
Sorry.
Hell yeah.
Better than starving to death.
Yeah. Fine. I just thought I heard something is all.
Maybe. But there's always somebody whose interest's at stake.
You just shoot at something.
I'll call us in. Dodge see how many signal flares you can scrounge up. Keep an eye on him.
Same. Any luck.
Maybe the other ship took the worst of it.
I guess that's the sixty four thousand dollar question isn't it.
I don't know are we.
Not our mystery guest again.
I don't know what else you'd call her. One second she was there the next she was gone.
Showing you what.
Either of you seen Dodge.
Leave him till we can get some help. From now on nobody comes down here.
Over the gold.
We hit land.
You got that right.
Yeah.
We could call for help.
We heard you scream. Any idea what you might've seen.
Government weather. It's got a transmitter aboard.
The mooring hasn't come taught.
Twenty. You knock off twenty and then we see. After my guy looks at it.
No really I   
Really. I never really cared for those. Why does the fat one always have to be so mean to the skinny one.
I can't believe this. I thought at the very least a guy like you would never pull this kind of shit on me.
Enid. It's sort of like a diary I guess.
I'm not really sure   working I guess 
As far as I know it includes housing and meals and everything  it is really quite an offer 
Well yes 
The whole business with the art show and the newspaper it's absolutely   
You can count on me sir.
What. I'm just kidding around with the customers  It's my shtick.
It's not optional.
So Josh will you give us a ride. Please. Pretty please. It's going to be super fun.
No.
But this guy is like a one of kind rare butterfly and we have to follow him back to his natural habitat 
You need counseling.
Why.
Yeah right 
Nothing.
Hey Josh.
This is so bad it's gone past good and back to bad again 
Shut up.
Uh oh  don't turn around 
He better watch out or he'll get AIDS when he date rapes her.
Good.
Just look at them.
You know sacrifice virgins and stuff 
Okay okay.
Okay well here's yours  Who said all the most eligible bachelors are taken. Not this one. Stunning bod very snugglelicious ocean sunset dreamer.
Totally. Look.
Just promise you'll do it.
I bet they have tons of incredible shoes hidden in the back.
Yeah he's beyond human stuff like that.
We have to do something fun tonight this is my last weekend of freedom before I start my stupid job.
It's a surprise.
Where.
He does that every single day.
Well are we still going shopping tomorrow.
I thought we decided that Josh was way too cool to be interested in sex and that he's the only decent person left in the world and we would never want to bring him down to our level and all that 
What thing.
What are you talking about. Who.
It's a totally normal average neighborhood.
Oh hi  I almost didn't recognize you I think I need to get glasses; you're all blurry.
You're lucky then you can't see the veins on that guy's biceps.
I want to know what you think you're doing staying out all night and worrying your father to death.
Listen young lady  I know you don't like me I don't really care whether you do or not but I will not allow you to treat your father the way you do.
Him. Seymour. He's the man with the records.
I know it's over asshole I   
You're crazy it should be like two dollars.
Well why do I care about that.
You know like weird 1960's Indian rock n' roll music.
You're right about that. So this is your record collection.
Yeah well sure  you can if you want to  it's just I don't want all these guys in there at once  you know 
I have about fifteen hundred 78s at this point. I've tried to pare down my collection to the essential 
Please Seymour  Becky and I have been dying to go in here but we can't get any boys to take us  Please.
I don't think so 
I dunno  because I can't stand the idea of a world where a guy like you can't get a date 
You work at Cook's Chicken.
No Doofus  blow it out.
Then again that's easy for me to say since I'll never even get a date. I'm sure you have hundreds of guys who are interested in you.
I won't even dignify that with a response.
I know I'm sorry  I I've been really busy 
Sounds good 
I  I wish I could Enid but I really can't right now  I it's just that I   
It's just that well you know Dana just got out of a really bad relationship and I don't want to give her the wrong idea  you know 
Well you know  what do I know about clothes  I've never been the most fashionable guy it's nice to have someone do all the work for me 
 What do you mean.
Uh  sure  come in.
FUCK DANA. I'm sick of Dana.
How come in all that time I was trying to get you a date you never asked me out.
I dunno  I always feel like everybody secretly hates me. I'm just paranoid I guess. I mean you like me don't you. We're good friends right.
I guess I probably used to when I was your age.
I'll drive then we'll go out in a blaze of glory.
Yeah.
No  they said she was here 
Most certainly. Absolutely. Yes.
I think it's been a pleasure.
 what's the surprise in that this is Africa.
I made a mistake hiring you  you're simply not up to the job.
You genuinely enjoy trying to terrify people don't you. Well fine   except there isn't a higher rated engineer and we both know that. And since time is so important to you how long do you think it would take to find someone else qualified and bring him here.
Every man who's ever fired a rifle has heard of him  by the time you find him the lions will be dead.
Karim will have to show me where it happened. And of course I'll need the donkey. With any luck I'll sort it out tonight.
You never had it.
 please  you needn't be so graphic 
 is it I'm sorry but then of course you're the doctor you should know.
Silliest thing I ever heard of  why in the world should we go through all that.
Tell me about Beaumont  does he understand how brilliant you are how lucky he is to have you.
I am desperate to see Africa  but I hate the leaving.
I assure you we came close many times 
That. I know Robert seems dreadful but when you truly get to know the man well he's much worse. And I'm one of his defenders. Forget him for now  it's your first ride to Tsavo  I think you'll find it breathtaking.
Does he speak English.
Might be exciting for you.
I've never been all that adventurous. I wouldn't be in the way.
I'm sure you mean that to be comforting but 
That is precisely my plan  but back in my tent.
What.
You do plan to mark it a bit more precisely than just   there.
In your honor Nigel. And you and Singh will be in charge of building them  and you'll also build the roadbeds and the three foundation pillars  and you'll be finished in eight thrilling weeks.
Nigel you'll just have to use your hands 
Got me out of trouble.
We need to talk.
Let me save time  you are the engineer; you are in charge; you're sorry I'm here. Right so far. Good  because I am not an engineer I don't want to be in charge and I'm sorrier than you are that I'm here  I hate Tsavo. So I will help you by killing the lions and leaving and you will help me by doing what I tell you so I can leave. See any problems.
 don't know 
In point of fact it didn't  but I'm convinced the idea is sound.
Good luck.
Because I think they're after you.
Actually I could have done it much more easily without you but for whatever reason I'm glad you came.
Fine. Get started. And a strict curfew  no one allowed out at night. Send half your men to the bridge the rest with these two. And I'm sorry for my tone earlier. But I repeat  there is no reason for fear. I will kill the lion and I will build the bridge.
He doesn't. He needs nobody. But we have hunted many times ..he knows I am afraid of lions 
Because I have two plans to kill the lions  one involving the cattle the other the men.
Help finish the railroad.
Thank you Janosz. I've learned a lot here but now that my baby's a little older I was hoping to rejoin the orchestra.
Everybody has a choice.
We don't have a relationship.
Thank you.
You're also a human being Frank.
He ditched you. You should've married me you know.
Men are very sensitive you know. We need to feel loved and desired too.
Oscar. You poor kid.
Good bye Peter.
I don't know what to do anymore.
It was full of this awful pink ooze.
Or we could do that.
I'll put him down for you. You are way too short. And your belly button sticks out. You're nothing but a burden to your poor mother.
Janine Melnitz are you kidding. Do I have a vase. I brought some of your clothes. Wear something intriguing. I brought along some interesting possibilities.
I have a hamper. Next time ask me first okay. I have more than two grades of laundry. There're lots of subtle levels between clean and dirty.
Thank you. If I had that kind of support on a daily basis I could definitely shape up by the turn of the century.
So what. It's a free country. Thanks Lib.
Why would you want to be a Ghostbuster if you're already an accountant.
Oh no it's just if one of the guys calls in sick or gets hurt.
Tonight.
How are you. What's that you're working on Johnny.
I got you out of those bad tax shelters.
This is not just some money making scheme. I didn't just make up the date. I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year's Eve.
I don't even want to know where that is.
I think we should see if we can find anything abnormal on the street.
I knew that.
From where Neptune.
What's the reading.
Nine feet ten   
You mean this stuff actually feeds on 'bad vibes'.
I'd put my money on that Vigo character.
Oh hiya Pete.
Who Ray.
You just picked up three penalty points on your driver's license.
Okay but you're missing all the fun.
It's all over the city Pete well under it actually.
Ungrateful little Yuppie larvae. After all we did for this city.
Yeah but what a ride. You can't make a hamburger without chopping up a cow.
I guess he wasn't too popular at the end there.
I've lived in New York all my life and I never visited the Statue of Liberty. Now I finally get here and we're taking her out for a walk.
Groovy. I've never felt better in my life.
Have I done the right thing.
Hi Louis.
You know you shouldn't leave your TV on so loud when you go out. That creep down the hall phoned the manager.
I am Zuul.
We're all professionals here Miss..
It's in the stars.
Are you all right.
This is terrible. Either there's a monster in my kitchen or I'm completely crazy.
If it's any comfort to you I don't think you're crazy.
All right. Since you put it that way.
Okay I'll help you. Should we make some dip or something.
But why. The students love us.
We'll get back to you.
Oh that's very   unusual.
What is it.
Are you Peter Venkman.
I'm not at liberty to say.
In a storage facility.
See. They are using drugs.
Well just 75 more to go. What's this one.
Two wavy lines.
I'm studying the effect of negative reinforcement on ESP ability.
They're not guns. They're particle throwers.
When you were in the bathroom did you notice anything that was yellow and unusually smelly.
Wow.
She's telling the truth or at least she thinks she is.
It's hard to explain but try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and finding yourself confined forever in another dimension.
Oh shit.
Well hurry up. The needle's going wild.
He's listed on the blueprints as I. Shandor.
No. But I liked Jesus' style.
And the seas would boil..
Every ancient religion had its own myth about the end of the world.
LATER MAN..
If you get me pregnant with a boy he'll be a double direct heir and will end up killing you for the throne.
Taking my pleasure. Do I need to clear my lovers with you.
But I get what I want always don't I.
  by the emperor of Rome. This writer asks: between a Senate that debates truth until they choke an Emperor who has the birth sign of a woman is it possible there is more virtue within the arena than without.
Do you want posters too.
Perhaps Master Galen you may say.
We can crush Gaius another way. What if you do throw something to the people they really want. Make them a gift of food.
Commodus  he's a gladiator  is he mad.
But have never been.
We all know what right is Senator.
How did you get condemned to the arena without a trial.
They can't  if this is Rome 
Narcissus. Terrified. You. The only thing he's scared of is me.
Why do you play at being drunk.
Of course I know who do you think is paying for it. The Emperor himself didn't you know. Why do you think Commodus came rushing up to the front. Burning patriotism. Filial love. He wants to be sure when he takes over there's enough cash left in the treasury to  play Emperor. Watch out for him Narcissus; he's inexperienced but  be careful.
For the sake of the Gods you're not leading these men. How like my father you are. You 'believe'  I guess that's why you're still alive.
Do you remember your Epictetus that little homily we recited when we were children. The one that was supposed to remind us we were Romans.
But what if I wish to be purple.
Narcissus I have your family. They're alive. All of them.
They fear me.
Rome is going to pay an allotment to the German tribes on an annual basis.
We don't need your help we're doing great on our own.
I don't want you to die.
I'm a Greek thank you. And I was brought up believing Romans were the barbarians. Give our new colleague some of the Cretan white. Relax tell me everything I'm your friend.
Spend my days beheading country bumpkins. I don't know Proximo who has better wine than you. Besides I'm beginning to think of the Colosseum as my home.
They want to dump Tiger and have me endorse their damned chariot right. They don't waste time 
Fantastic. Wonderful. But posters are very expensive.
I'd love some.
No why should I.
I don't know.
I'm sorry I took you in there.
But Elaine   
What.
Wait a minute.
Hurry up. Put your shoes on.
That woman. The older woman.
Don't cry.
Get out of here.
Elaine I love you.
What.
Yes.
I don't know.
You mean you're confused.
I have to go back now.
I'll think about it.
We'll need our Birth Certificates. I happen to have mine with me. Where's yours.
Carl who.
He said he thought we'd make a pretty good team.
Plastics.
Well I'm just sort of traveling through.
It's all right Mr. McCleery.
Will you bring it in to me.
It's in the main ballroom.
A single. Just for myself please.
Well it's in the car. It's out in the car.
That's right.
Will you take me home.
My husband took the car. Will you drive me home.
Yes.
I'm very neurotic.
Well I've always thought that you were a very nice person.
Mrs. Robinson if you don't mind my saying so this conversation is getting a little strange. Now I'm sure that Mr. Robinson will be here any minute and   
What.
I mean you didn't really think that I would do something like that.
All right. Now finish your drink.
Mrs. Robinson it makes me sick that I said that to you.
What is wrong with me.
Yes.
No I don't. But I just feel a little funny.
Then why do you keep running away.
Because you're going to bed. I don't think I should be up here.
But they would. Don't you see.
Well goodbye then   
Benjamin.
What.
Yes.
Sure. Shall I I mean shall I just stand here. I mean I don't know what you want me to do.
Why don't you watch.
What.
A hanger.
What.
Wood or wire. They have both.
Okay.
That's a laugh Mrs. Robinson. That's really a laugh. Ha ha.
Are you kidding.
Good. I mean are we dead or something.
Are you tired of it.
No.
Then why do you want to talk about it.
No. Think of another topic. Tell me what you did today.
What novel did you read.
You walk right out the door.
Please. Now tell me. How do you know he won't wake up sometime and follow you.
Can I undress and talk at the same time.
Man is this interesting.
No Benjamin. I don't hate him. Unhook my blouse.
I never did Benjamin. Now let's   
I mean did he take you up to his room with him. Did you go to a hotel.
No.
Let's hear your reasons Mrs. Robinson. Because I think I know what they are.
Benjamin.
Yes.
I see.
Are you.
What.
Don't you expect me to be a little hurt.
That's all right. I think I can understand why I'm disgusting to you.
Well I wouldn't. I would never say it if it wasn't true.
Promise me Benjamin.
Let's not talk about it. Let's not talk at all.
Mrs. Robinson I have a date with Elaine. We're going for a drive.
Yes but I'm afraid   
You don't have to tell me if you don't want.
No I do. I want to tell you.
Nothing else.
Oh no.
Would you mind telling me then what were those four years of college for. What was the point of all that hard work.
Look Elaine Robinson and I do not get along.
What.
I wish I was that age again. Because Ben   
In many ways I feel as though you were my own son.
Oh yes.
But why.
I think I've talked about this enough. I don't know how far I can go Ben. I don't know if I can prosecute or not but I think maybe I can. In the light of what's happened I think maybe I can get you behind bars if you ever look at my daughter again. I have seen Elaine and I have spent the afternoon taking steps to insure 
This boy I'm sorry this young man is soon to continue his education as a Frank Halpingham Award Scholar but before he does   
Splendid.
Rejoice in life while yet the small lamp burns.
Every glass high to life the splendid dangerous mighty brief brief life and the courage to live it. Baron you know I've only lived since last night but that little while seems longer than all the time before all the   
Well.
Why.
Who.
Have you seen it.
Yes yes indeed but you are a ..a stenographer. Don't little stenographers earn little pennies.
Poor child I wish I were free tonight we could   
Chasing what.
I feel sorry for him.
Looking for my room one sixty  six.
Why do you hide in my room.
I did not know you were so beautiful  and   
And then  
How tired you are.
Go away. Who are you  
You could love me. It is so long since I have heard that word. Nobody has loved me for a long time. It is so icy cold to be famous. One is so cruelly alone. How is it that you Let me look at you. Your hands. Your eyes. Why could you love me.
I saw you just now then I saw you cry and now I see you in the mirror Grusinskaya 
The veronal you. I'm going to stay here with you.
I am Felix Benvenuto von Gaigern. My mother called me Flix.
When I was a little boy I was taught to ride and be a gentleman at school it was a monastery I learned to pray and lie and 
And what do you do now.
Shall I see you again.
Very early in the morning.
I have no money now I must get some first I must get some.
Yes I will be on the train.
Oh a Baron.
General Director Preysing. Baron when I was sixteen years old I started as an office boy in that man's factory   
Yes quite.
We've been together all day  and in an aeroplane.
No thanks keeping my head clear.
No Kringelein not tired just Well well   
Absolutely true Kringelein and I have to raise some money immediately.
No no please oh don't go don't go don't leave me alone Baron.
Good evening Mr. Pimenov.
That is Doctor Otternschlag You know him.
The war dropped him here and forgot him.
I'm going to call the police. I'm going to watch you play the great Baron with the police. Aristocrat. Aristocrat.
Madam Grusinskaya's car is to be brought.
Man I was at the clinic the whole night there are no words to describe what my wife suffered.
I don't know.
Telegrams.
More than fourteen thousand marks  were in that pocketbook.
No I must find it Fourteen thousand two hundred marks.
You are funny. You speak of life as if it were a train you wanted to catch.
Oh don't go.
Yes that   
Really.
So did I. He was friendly to me as no man ever was.
Yes of course money.
Wherever you like. Here I'll give you the money I won three thousand four hundred. Later you can have more.
No only occasional jobs.
You pay me.
Moreover 
Yes I photograph very well. Look   
Perhaps.
That'll be all be here tomorrow at nine o'clock.
Yes.
Well.
I understand perfectly.
Of course of course.
It's agreed I will get a room here for you.
Oh no.
Why not.
You're a funny little creature Flaemmchen. I can't make you out.
Manchester yes. Yes yes they do. Yes Now gentlemen shall we begin at the beginning. Have we cigars water and everything.
What.
If you actually have news from Manchester then 
Under these circumstances we might refuse to sign.
Next week.
We did not approach you.
You've talked enough today you're hoarse now.
It will pass it will pass come.
Oh yes Suzette.
Packed to the ceiling. Hurry get dressed. And what an audience the French Ambassador American Millionaires Princess Ratzville er er   
Good morning Gru your   
Does the world belong to you Mr. Preysing.
He tried to rob me he is dead   
   We must do something 
I saw Gerstenkorn at lunch and as your lawyer I made it my business to broach the matter 
Good night.
No one would have thought it of me. I've been getting rusty in Fredersdorf. Well if bluff is what the world wants I guess I can put up as big a bluff as anyone. From now on 
You must go to Manchester at once yourself and really see it through.
Yes that's what I want I'd like to tear loose I'd like a drink. I'd like to go down to that dancing place. I'd like to start something.
What do you want with her.
Did I buy you that dress you piece of shit.
You wanna talk to me straight up.
I'll loan you a raincoat.
You want a drink.
Oh well you know. I just clip a buck here and a buck there. Not enough to notice.
A person that don't look out for himself is too dumb to look out for anybody else. He's a liability right Bobo.
You're a thousand percent right.
Worries about his mother eh. Give him a hug for me.
Good evening. I'd like a single for tonight.
It's just the strain again the stress. We'll take a vacation.
I must admit Mister Fellowes I had moments I was worried.
I know.
I can't take that job. I mean I mean I can't take it right away. I'm still recuperating I just dropped in to say hello see everybody   
A well rounded life. I respect that. But it has to have a center Roy something you care about something you can think about.
Nice to see you. What am I doing in here.
And that dump you live in. Those clown pictures on the walls.
Sure.
You don't have the stomach for it.
You too Roy.
Somewhere else that's for sure.
A job. I've never had a legit job in my life.
Yeah sure that sounds nice.
Oh. I didn't know anything was.
NO.
My wife sent me here Myra. For the money. She's waiting.
You taught me a lot. Then I invented.
Look at me.
No baby. Come to Mama.
I just do what the doctor says babe.
What.
Myra I'm not following this.
The long end. Big con.
Nobody does that single o.
He'd explain he had to have cash so there wouldn't be any paper trail for the SEC. And a lot of cash or it wasn't worth while. The least we ever took was forty thousand and the most was one hundred eighty five thousand dollars. From one sucker.
No no Roy just cash poor. They had savings accounts stocks to sell houses to mortgage. Sell their wife's jewelry. Oh they had a lot of money when they put their minds to it. Or when I put their minds to it. I stayed with them that's the roper's job made them get up every penny they could raise turn it all over to Cole.
She didn't see you in other words.
I'm well connected Roy Cole introduced me to a lot of people. Very valuable. Valuable for us.
You and me Roy. What a team we'll make. We think alike; we get along together. Once or twice a year we take some slob the rest of the time we live like this. You won't regret this Roy.
Wait a minute. When did this happen that we're partners.
Maybe I like it where I am.
What I say is no. We don't do partners.
I'm wise to you I should have seen it before you rotten son of a bitch. How is it huh. How do you like   
Lieutenant Pierson Phoenix police. I have a car here.
I grant you it's a little odd shoot yourself with a gun with a silencer on it but it was hers all right. It really is your mother Mister Dillon.
Uh huh. Mrs. Langtry may drop by.
They said on the phone you were assigned to the Meyers case.
With all due respect detective you can't go blaming every brutal murder in Illinois on Michael Meyers.
Pamela Whittington was a long time associate of Dr. Loomis. Her home office was ransacked. It was chock full of Loomis' files on Meyers. It'd say that makes Meyers a suspect wouldn't you.
Only the real stiffs.
Toni Blake from Langley P.D.
Detective 
Pretty messy. Parents have already been notified. Our office has been trying to get a hold of you 
You sure.
Okay you win. I'll call you Mom. Now can I move into the dorms.
Well maybe if you'd let me live in the dorms I wouldn't have to sneak out to spend time with my friends.
Get on the bus.
Please get on the bus 
Swiped it from my mom's desk yesterday.
Is that all you guys can think about. Amy never came back last night. Maybe she's in trouble.
I came to see you.
I'm okay.
Here take my jacket.
Nothing a good stiff drink can't fix.
Still wants to move out.
What.
What is it.
I have to pee.
I thought you were allergic to latex.
Very insightful.
Kara and Danny never showed up tonight. We'd better go home and check on them. There's nothing else for us to do here.
You knew didn't you John. You knew.
You stay away from him.
Black magic.. 'In ancient times Thorn was believed to cause sickness famine and death. Translated literally it was the name of a demon spirit that delivered human sacrifices.. on the Celtic celebration of Samhain.'
Mrs. Blankenship have you seen the little boy who came in with me and   
I hope you didn't come all the way out here in this storm just to quote Freud.
Please just tell me the truth. Has Michael Myers come home.
I dunno boy.
No.
Looseleaf  will you get the hell home.
Go home. Show them how rich you are for a change.
Go home.
Let's talk about it some other time.
You know me boy.
One of them is the doctor whose weapons are compassion unselfishness peacefulness   maudlin concern.
All the more reason to go to Africa.
You never played a violin.
Okay. Okay.
Oh my God   And you are Looseleaf Harper.
Our pleasure.
Things. Oh  you silly people and your things. Things things things.
As a matter of fact  
Are you  
Big ones little ones teeny weeny ones  just and otherwise.
Dad was never in England.
I saw your father fight Major Siegfried von Konigswald the Beast of Yugoslavia hand to hand.
Wow.
Don't care for cold steel. A knife is worse than a bullet.
You're supposed to get hurt.
They're not engaged.
Alive and hale. He's throwing a little surprise party for his own family. Is your mother often this unstable. Penelope.
Why don't you go to bed  son.
You're free to go to her if you want. If you'd rather be a woman and run with the women just say the word.
Dad  
It's your house Dad.
What do you do for a living.
Not at all.
I don't know. This is a new disease to me.
Well  enjoy the natural honest unrehearsed result  surgical shock.
Nothing would please me more.
Thank God.
He thought he could take my place. It is now my privilege to give an unambiguous account of why I don't think he's man enough to do that.
I have a brain.
She's up in Heaven now. She didn't hear. She is experiencing nothing but pure happiness. There's nothing nicer than that. Chow. Harold Ryan wants chow.
People don't use that word any more.
People now have dignity when frying eggs.
Then go now  and fry with dignity   sunnyside up.
This is not a coy deception. I do not want to be scrogged. I want love. I want tenderness.
You don't know you want. That's the way God built you.
Such as .
The whole concept of heroism  and its sexual roots.
I like the truth. I wouldn't be alive today if I weren't one of the biggest fans truth ever had.
He'd never seen a corpse. He's seen a dozen now.
I see.
I bought him a twenty two yesterday  on the way home from Hamburger Heaven. And where is the good doctor. Have you two feathered a love nest somewhere.
And you a supposedly healthy woman do not detest him for his cowardice.
Blue soup.
With an iron penis three feet long. Load it boy.
I'm teaching my son to be a man.
Where's the bullet.
Gentlemen  that's nice.
We tried to be. We tried to be.
Call her back  tell her to head for the hospital. Tell the hospital to expect her. I'll leave right now.
She's crying because she's so happy.
What next. You leave promptly of course. There is no question as to whose home this is  
You have chills.
I've never heard of it.
I can defeat him with anything from flavored toothpicks to siege howitzers. But he got it into his little head that he could come here and demolish Harold Ryan with words. The truth. Correct.
Oooooo. That hurt.
Comical.
King Arthur.
I hate crowds and I have no charisma  
Was I ever of use.
More clowning. Don't you see.
Can I beg for mercy  on my knees.
Somewhere in this city. Not here not here. Tell Penelope I loved her  in my clownish way. And Paul. Tell him to be a healer by all means.
Thank you. You can leave now. We'll begin.
You didn't even find that out.
You want to join the Harold Ryan Fan Club. Wear a pink jacket with a yellow streak up the back.
Is it. I have this theory about why men kill each other and break things.
It's my father's birthday  that's all. That's all. Who cares about that.
I'll kill myself.
Oh Paul  
J. Edgar Hoover plays sports.
There stands the loins from which you've sprung.
Then get him.
Okay.
Oh.
A monument to a man who thought that what the world needed most was more rhinoceros meat.
It's fine.
It's jungle rot. This room is making everybody sick. This is your family doctor speaking now. Here  I brought you something else to hang on your wall for the sake of variety.
Doing what.
That's something I suppose.
This conversation took place incidentally about three months before Harold was declared legally dead.
That's when I'll get my confidence back.
Is he all right.
He said one other thing. It wasn't very nice.
You were wonderful.
Well  it was nice while it lasted. Thanks for the memories.
Would you like to say something about killing Colonel.
The only thing I ever told him about life was Keep out of the park after the sun goes down.
If you warned him against it as much as you say it's almost a certainty.
Meaning.
They didn't murder me.
Paul's only twelve years old.
He's not your son.
Is that a fact.
It's the planet that's in ghastly trouble now and all our brothers and sisters thereon.
Don't. Let him have all the privacy he wants. Let him grieve let him rage. There has never been a funeral for his father.
What do you mean not the type. Don't you know who I am. I'm Big Dick Brown. I've been in more porno movies than you ever saw. I've worked with Harry Reems. I've worked with Johnny Wad. Not the type. I can come ten times a day. I can keep it hard two hours at a time. My cock is nine inches long.
Okay. I'll take a half hour.
Well I want to 
You want a tip.
What do you want to tip me for. Look you got to spell it out. Whatever you want just say it.
Yeah overpowering. That was the word I was looking for.
Okay Mr. Van Dorn I think we could knock that Pavonine blue a bit.
Last I heard he went to San Diego.
How much do you make a week Niki.
Okay. My client pays for it anyway.
This is different. This is nine hundred dollars.
Her name is Kristen. She disappeared a couple of months ago.
What rate.
No.
What does that mean. What does he do.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
I know what you mean. After a while they all look the same.
Yeah. She was the one called Joanne. How'd you find that out.
But then you'll forget about me.
Where is he Niki.
No.
They are.
The police. They know less than you do.
You sure as hell haven't been any help.
I called every L.A. hotel. The Holiday Inn gave this as a referral number. Your office said you had no business in New York so I figured you had come out here. What's happening Jake. What are you doing. Nobody's heard from you. Anne's worried sick. We didn't know if you were dead or alive.
I don't know.
Take it or leave it.
Cool off huh. How's this for cooling off.
I'll tell you that was an interesting case. The Van Dorn girl. I've handled runaway cases like it before. Usually when you put the pressure on the porn underworld for an underage kid she pops up in about a week. Everybody denies ever seeing her but there she is at the airport with a prepaid ticket home. Well I put pressure on all over town for this girl and it stayed cold as ice. In fact certain people for this girl and nothing. I guess I gave your brother in law sort of a raw deal.
At least I improved myself. What's up.
Political Science. It's all about what's going on.
Come again.
Could I see your registration.
Out.
You too Buster. Stand over here. Lady you're in a heap of trouble. I have you down here for several violations; speeding resisting arrest driving without a license driving a stolen vehicle possession of a stolen tree  Where's the tree.
What kind of a car is it.
How interesting.
I mean seventy five is too early but at eighty five well you're just marking time and you may as well look over the horizon.
Oh of course. What is your name.
Eh no.
Subways  Perfume  Cigarette .. Cologne  Carpet  Chestnuts  <u>Snow.</u>
No you have to touch it. You have to run your hands over it get close to it really reach out and feel. You try it.
Certainly a new experience for me.
Me. Ha. Did I tell you I'll be eighty on Saturday.
You don't look eighty.
What do you mean.
We'll transplant it. To the forest.
Oh it's all right. It's organic.
Well I don't 
Is he. Ah the police. Always wanting to play games. Well here goes.
Well I really don't smoke.
Died. Seventeen times   not counting maiming. Shot myself in the face once with a popgun and a pellet of blood.
Oh.
What is it Harold.
Really. Just put it there Harold.
It's all right. It's organic.
Oh I am happy Harold. Ecstatically happy. I couldn't imagine a lovelier farewell.
Why yes. It's my eightieth birthday.
But Maude you don't understand. I love you. Do you hear me. I've never said that to anyone in my life before. You're the first. Maude. Please don't leave me.
Oh. That's wonderful Harold. Go   and love some more.
Oh  That's wonderful  I get an eighty year old pallbearer for a daughter in law. Be reasonable Harold. You're dealing with your life. What will people say..
An accurate number would be difficult to gauge.
Is it the machines. The noise. The people.
Yes.
Jeez sir. That's pretty strong stuff.
Shit. Bull. Shit.
It's coming.
It certainly is.
I'm a girl who keeps her promises.
I know. No one can. But I have to save him. Where's the other doctor. He said He'd listen. He promised.
If anyone can help HE can.
No. Don't let it. You've come this far.
I break it they see us Happy Halloween. No more hiding. Outside. I could be outside   
I'm lucky that way.
Me.. C'mon   
This This is nothing. You know what'll kill me. Her.
Don't move. We   
Wait Wait You can't go anywhere I gotta go with you   
What landed you this job pushing pamcakes. Punctuality. What was your area of expertise.
For a cup of coffee but go ahead read.
Oh okay then. Maybe later then.
Strong.
I know.
Yes I   
Two steps back please.
Want to buy a bed.
Where's my father.
No.
You want it.
This isn't happening.
Poor baby.
Hush now. It's all right Frank's here.
I said: don't look.
Tell me who you are.
Back from where.
Keep your voice down.
Not know.
The Cenobites. The creatures the box set free. Sometimes I think they're still here. Just behind the walls. Them and their hooks and their beasts. Just waiting to break out again. Except that I've got the box.
You're still afraid.
You would be. They tore me apart.
So you were cheated.
And the blood let you out.
Like this. Look at me. LIKE THIS.
Ah.
It looks like a bomb's dropped.
Oh babe 
Maybe a brandy.
Kirsty.
Drinking alone.
Not much.
I wonder maybe 
Plain soda.
You want something to drink.
Do you care
I'll get the doctor.
Do you want me to come over.
Maybe later in the week. First I've got to find myself a job.
It's not a gesture. I want to do this on my own. Come on trust me a little will you.
Me like.
O.K. I'll be nice. You get on with the muscle work. I'll make myself some coffee.
Steve.
Of course.
Show her.
No. It's all over.
That's right. Cointreau.
Please. I want to see you home. All right.
We walk.
I've been better.
Your father told me you were working here.
If I make it through the day.
As long as you don't mind the smell of fur   
Really.
Long time ago. I was just thinking about her. I was her first boyfriend.
That's right. Kevin. She's Mrs. Kevin Bannister. She lives in Australia.
I beg your pardon.
IT WON'T GO ANY LOUDER.
Yeah well it's fucking Monday afternoon. You should get out of bed earlier.
I wanna live with a musician. She'd write songs at home ask me what she thought of them maybe even include one of our private jokes in the liner notes.
I didn't know it was classified information. I mean I know we don't have any customers but I thought that was a bad thing not like a business strategy.
It's not my car now is it. It's Laura's car and thus Laura has it. So it's an ass bumping double  transferring bus ride through bumblefuck or a fat wad on a cab. Wow. Fucking great.
Shut up. Let's Get It On Marvin Gaye from Let's Get It On. Airbag Radiohead from OK Computer.
I'm sorry Rob but I'm struggling here. I don't understand any part of this conversation. You're asking me what I would think if you told me that you hadn't seen a film that you've seen. What am I supposed to say.
How the fuck am I supposed to know that. You might get sick of people telling you you've really gotta go see the movie.
Terrific.
My band.
I didn't make up the name. It's the Steely Dan song. And it was in The Commitments.
That's why you got the gig isn't it.
How many tickets can I put you down for.
Yes way. It's really 
No. We need the gig.
We're not called Barrytown anymore by the by. They got sick of the Barry/Barrytown thing. We're called SDM. Sonic Death Monkey.
Barry you're over thirty years old. You owe it to yourself and your friends and to your parents not to sing in a group called Sonic Death Monkey.
They always seemed 
Bullshit.
That's what I said.
Oh hi.
The Malcolm McClaren of Clark Street is in his executive suite. Do you have an appointment.
I'm Caroline Fortis from The Reader. I want to do a story on you.
Is that it.
Would you. Really. Wow. I could have deejay Rob Gordon play in my own home.
Yeah sure 
Good. Great. Yeah  Wow. Rob Gordon. Seems like a 100 million years ago now.
Yeah. A billion. Right  How are you.
Huh.
Did you tell that to Marco when he did his what does it all mean thing with you.
Oh hi. Hi Rob.
Maybe I should talk to him.
Hi.
My house.
But don't you remember.
I don't know.
What what.
I'm too tired for this now. I know I'm asking a lot but will you take off for a while so I can get my stuff packed up. I need to be able to think while I do it and I can't think while you're here.
We'll talk some other time.
Call me at work. We can arrange to meet properly. I don't want this to be the last conversation we have. I know what you're like.
It's me.
Jesus. I do not know. I'll talk to you later.
I don't really want to talk about it to be honest.
You know I didn't mind. And it's not as if Ray's place is any better.
Mmm hmm.
I'm sorry to go on about it. But I don't know there's a lesson here somewhere and I want to make sure you get it.
I guess I am.
God that's a cold and a half. Maybe you should bet back in bed.
Pig died.
My dad died. My dad my dad.
No no. When are you going home.
Yes of course.
I didn't mess things up because I was scared. I slept with Ray because I was sick of you. And I needed something to snap me out of it.
What.
Yes of course. There's nothing to worry about.
I know it's not very romantic but there will be romance again at some stage I'm sure. I just  I need you Rob. That's it. And we know each other and we care for each other and you've made it clear that you want me back so 
What it was like.
No but 
Where.
Oh. Well. We don't really get along. Paul and I.
That's not the point. I mean what if the single isn't done in time.
Barry said its done.
We took care of that.
Yeah. Like I said I don't want to take sides. And I like Laura with you. She's more fun more open. You guys are good together. I just wish you two could I don't know. I don't think much of this Ian guy   
Is Ray going.
Good.
I'm all right if that's what's upsetting you.
I knew this was going to happen.
Give me fifty bucks and they're all yours.
That's why I'm trying to compromise. What about fifteen hundred. They're worth five times that.
Records are those big round black things right.
We're not there yet Justin.
How old is Richard.
Uncle Joey's little girl. Can't get the taste out of her mouth.
You're the expert.
It's my birthday.
No.
I've been trying to find somebody who knew him and any connections his family might have had with museums or historical societies.
Good day Miss Cartwright.
I think you do. Better yet I don't think anything was stolen because nothing was there in the first place. And I think Mr. Smith whoever he is now knows that.
Not your concern.
What about me.
You.
Our cars were seen together in Felton. They're calling me an accessory to murder.
You make it all sound so simple.
A factor of age.
I've been telling myself it's the award winning journal article I'm going to write. But it's not. It's you.
He knows about you.
He is older than I.
Not the same.
I can't stand it. Oh God I can't stand it.
Yes.
Now there's a new topic.
We've got nothing to say.
You always were hard to impress.
I've seen nobleman swords that weren't as well preserved. It's just a hunk of peasant iron. Why would he be carrying it around in an alley.
Give it a rest Ned huh.
Please go to no trouble.
You know me home. Me name.
We are immortal.
Then they were right. I am evil. This is God's punishment.
Oh the boy has a mouth now if only he had an arm.
Muy Bien.
You have not been fully trained. But you will learn. And you will be good I can feel that. You have apt  itude. This is why our friend is so concerned.
This power is divided amongst you me and others like cuts in a pie. But the cuts are not equal. Some like you and he have more. Much more.
I'll be back when I can.
Some think not.
Like you.
No doubt.
Excuse me sir. I thought we spoke as equals.
It never changes Major.
Must he go.
We ran down that Church Hill info. She's right. There is no Richard Taupin.
Kahn.
You were never a kid.
How do you do it Kahn. How do you live so full of life for so long.
Not so long.
Should I care.
American.
You're wrong.
I presume it's a sword.
Your murder weapon.
I thought it only proper to pay me last respects to the family.
Steven Conor didn't die.
It doesn't have to rhyme.
It will be perfectly all right Walter. Mother is coming with us on the train.
Better make that a certified check Walter.
Oh no. How could you ever think of such a thing.
Yes.
Taking the train today and being married tomorrow.
I know you will Bruce. Are you going to live with your mother.
Figure it this way: I ought to be good for twenty five years. By that time you'll probably have made enough so that the money won't mean anything. But suppose you haven't made good don't you think Hildy's entitled to a quiet old age without any worries.
So long.
Who's under arrest. You pimple headed square toed spy do you realize what you're doing.
Let's see. I was in Reno six weeks then Bermuda  Oh about four months I guess. Seems like yesterday to me.
Divorced me. It sort of makes a fellow lose faith in himself. It almost gives him a feeling he wasn't wanted.
A fellow your age hiring an airplane to write: 'Hildy: Don't be hasty remember my dimple. Walter.. It held things up twenty minutes while the Judge ran out to watch it.
You've had a better offer eh.
I'm not working for any other paper.
Get married all you want to Hildy but you can't quit the newspaper business.
You can't sell me that Walter.
Who says I can't. You're a newspaper man.
Bermuda.
What's his line.
It's a good honest business isn't it.
The quicker the better. Well I finally got out what I came in to tell you. So long Walter and better luck next time.
And when he walks with a lady he waits for her.
I might have Walter but you were never there.
His wife had twins and he went out to celebrate and got as drunk as a lord. They can't even find him. I tell you drink is the ruin of this nation.
You keep out of this. Bruce suppose you examine Mr. Burns in his office. I'll get my bag and go over to the Press Room in the Criminal Courts Building. You phone me as soon as Mr. Burns has given you his check. Then I'll go get the interview and you phone Mother that we're taking the six o'clock train. And no tricks Walter.
Well this expert Dr. Egelhoffer from New York decides to make Williams re enact the crime   
I know. Where is he I said.
Let go o' me. I've got to get Bruce out of jail. Oh Walter why did you have to do this to me.
Oh get off that trapeze. There's your story. Smear it all over the front page Earl Williams caught by the Morning Post. And take all the credit I covered your story for you and I got myself in a fine mess doing it and now I'm getting out. I know I told you that twice before today but this time I mean it.
You've kicked over the whole City Hall like an apple cart. You've got the Mayor and Hartman backed against a wall. You've put one administration out and another in. This isn't a newspaper story it's a career. And you stand there belly aching about whether you catch an eight o'clock train or a nine o'clock train. Still a doll faced mugg. That's all you are.
All the words you've got.
Where's some paper.
Where's Bruce.
What tickets.
Didn't you hear him. Of course he's coming back here. Keep going will you.
You said it. But this'll teach him a lesson. He won't quit his paper without giving notice after this.
Hildy you think I could. After this story. Here. You're just nervous.
I'm looking at you you murderer.
Oh for H. Sebastian Butch. Listen it's a matter of life and death. Listen.
I don't care if you've been after her for six years. Butch our whole lives are at stake. Are you going to let a woman come between us after all we've been through.
Oh I see. I beg your pardon.
When I'm surrounded with my back against the wall you're not going to lay down on me are you   
And your arrest. You'll each get about ten years I think.
Worried. I was petrified. Weren't you.
Suit yourself kid. This isn't for me to decide. Of course you could make a later train and still be in Albany tomorrow morning.
Niagara Falls. Walter you don't mean that.
Sure I can't last forever. I want a son I can train to take my place on this paper.
Sure I can. Look at the policy I gave him. With this ring I thee wed and with all my worldly goods I thee endow: And thereto I plight thee my troth.
It'll be Heaven.
Anybody with hair on his chest. Get 'em off the street anywhere. Offer them anything only get them. We've got to get this desk out of here.
I mean real money not counterfeit.
I always have both.
They can't do that to me.
I thought so. Come on I'm in a hurry.
A lot of money. Four hundred and fifty dollars   
They're always after me for interviews.
A joint interview eh. That might be all right. We could have our pictures taken together Doctor.
Point the gun at me.
Run down and get some smelling salts will you.
Aw why don't you let her alone. She's ill.
What have you got Hildy.
That's all right.
Oh nothing much. Just that the state had proved he was sane and he admits it himself. If you don't want me to run it   
Oh that'll be all right Hildy. Go ahead run it. And you can say I treated him well too. 'Lo Earl. How are you feeling.
You ought to stay over. You always wrote a good hanging story Hildy.
Hold her boys.
All right boys. Take her along. I got ways of making her talk.
He can't hurt anybody. You've got his gun.
I mean I'm scratching your name off the ticket Tuesday and running Czernecki in your place. It's nothing personal. And Pete it's the only way out. It's a sacrifice we all ought to be glad to make.
If there was any way out 
They got him. Wait a minute hold the wire. They got Earl Williams surrounded the Riot Squad has in his house.
Nobody reprieved that policeman he murdered. Now do as I tell you.
If we didn't have election Tuesday I'd have this on my conscience.
I never saw him before.
I was just going to.
Yeah. I was never so tired in my life.
How would you go about applying the Golden Rule Earl.
I won't Earl.
Wakin' me up in the middle of the night talkin' to me about things they don't understand. Callin' me a Bolshevik. I'm an anarchist. It's got nothin' to do with bombs. It's the philosophy that guarantees every man freedom. You see that don't you.
Sure I do Earl.
Never mind. Just play dead.
You mean here in the city.
No I don't think so.
So it was. Sheila. This boy will go far.
With Mrs. Evans. I hate her.
You'll be at home for the weekends. Now shut up or walk.
Apparently so.
Who told you that.
Say them.
Who with.
It's not the same.
I don't know.
You do you do. You're just not saying.
Weeds will grow Mac.
Did you. You thought you did. We've been gypsed all our lives. Look at your street.
You need trees for an avenue.
Bugger the Buffs.
And the bride.
Why didn't they say that before you started.
Just ignore her Mac.
Ancient. Have you finished your homework.
The ideas you get in your head.
There there my baby.
It's not. It's happening to me.
No Mother. It's War. War.
How many of our class left. You and me out of twenty eight.
Play something Grace.
Happy days. When you're bigger Bill I'll teach you the googly.
Clive had a job. I didn't. I couldn't.
Tipsy topsy turvy.
Really wow so it's really a real thing.
Maybe maybe maybe  hey you know what word I hate.
OK.
Yeah come on.
A dead one.
The animals have got nothing to do with it.
You know  a couple of queers.
Fucking great.
Yeah yeah ..I like to fuck shit up.
I'll bet you do  how much we owe ya ..Goober.
Ummmm  two hundred and eighty five dollars.
Yeah my Pa wasn't right in the head after that.
Yeah no shit.
Yeah I guess  hot chicks are always nuts.
Hot has got nothing to do with it.
Then the devil asks do you drink. Guy says yeah  devil say wonderful Wednesday is free drinks night best booze you ever had  all made from the finest stuff.
Yeah no shit I just told ya. Hey you think this place called Alien Ed's UFO Welcoming Center is still around. It says Where the Fact is separated from the Fantasy.
Tasted pretty good.
I mean obviously we will compensate you for your troubles.
Where ya headed.
Aw she was with some nosey smartass high rise kids. They were poking around  asking stupid questions.
How's about you give me those same directions.
Yeah yeah sure. You don't have to get all True Grit all over my ass  I'll give'm to ya  you can knock yourself silly for all I care.
Hmmmmm.
Goddamn.
Grab Mary and come inside.
Fried chicken. Anybody want some.
Hey listen to this  I think this is related to our Dr. Satan.
These dates perfectly correspond with the time frame of our beloved Dr. Satan working at the looney bin. I'll bet he amputated her arms.
So what.
Shhhhhh.
This isn't funny it's twisted.
Hopefully I can move things along here and make up the lost time by speeding all the way home  yes Dad I'm kidding.
Yeah hey how far do you think we are from your Dad's.
Never. I swear to God he never sleeps he goes to bed after me wakes up before me. He's always working on 10.
I still don't.
Turn on the headlights. See if anything is out there.
I think I'm gonna have a fucking heart attack.
Can't Tiny drive us to a phone.
A vehicle registered to a William S. Hudley.
I'll bet you are  you are a naughty little thing aren't ya.
Aw come on Jerry. We've gotten all we're gonna get out of this place and its starting to rain.
Well Bill  he's a good guy he's been great help to me  a real blessing  I couldn't have asked for a better specimen. I mean you don't know what a dry spell I've had total block ..total block  but Bill he's OK.
Oh it's real  as real as I want it to be mamma ..look see the magic in my brush strokes.
You my dear worm feeder are about to become immortalized.
I um  no I don't think so 
Go down stairs and play nice  I'm a gonna go 'round back and handle things like I always fucking do.
No not really. Good kid never been in any trouble.
Right.
I'm Wydell  this is Naish.
Dr. Satan.
Oh yeah you know about that. Hmmm that's a strange one.
Nothing. I'll be out in a minute.
Well don't jump down my throat. I'm just trying to help.
You remind me so much of Nathan plus so much of my little mongrel doggie.
Gabrielle. No I'm sorry if I startled you. I came to think. God Did I hang up on you.
Oui. Now you've got me talking French.
That would be good.
It's nice yes. I'm glad I ran into you both in our silly pajamas. It is two happy coincidences no.
Thank you so much. Merci. It's very wonderful to hear a man say such a nice compliment.
You have to choose Nathan. It's like Sophie's choice. Only it is Nathan's choice. Did you ever see that movie Sophie's Choice. It is like that. Only it is this.
I just want to talk.
Why. You've made your decision Mister Stinky American. Now I hate you. No I don't hate you; I don't even think about you.
I don't know. Something's missing.
Good. I'll show you how apey.
Always. Ow.
Tell me. I could use someone up my alley.
I didn't know you were into that sort of thing.
Lila I want to help you.
And I'm going to miss the lifestyle having you as a client has afforded me.
Thank you so much. I love slugs. All slugs not just banana slugs.
You look wonderful. I'm on top of the world tonight Lila. Work is going splendidly and my personal life is..
Yes. Please don't talk with food in your mouth Lila. Please. You're so pretty and it only mars your  I'm sorry. I'm being critical.
I like you too Nathan.
Yes.
I think we should go. Please. Before he wakes up and I don't know eats us or whatever feral things do.
I'm the same person I was before you knew damn it. Oh God.
No. I don't want your work to be cruddy.
How come.
Oh boy.
Shit.
I'm loving this. It's such a treat to be out and about. What a wonderful invention a city is. The immense buildings of glass and steel glinting in the afternoon sun the smartly dressed women in their best summer frocks the colorful street vendors.
Even better.
Look why don't you and Lila stay here and have your natural life. I'll just go on my way. You'll never see me again.
I love Lila. I mean she's a wonderful person. And  she loves me. That's no small potatoes. I mean she really loves me. She's sacrificed so much to be in this relationship with me. And she's a good person. A truly good person. How rare is that in this world eh. And how could I stop loving somebody because of a little physical imperfection if it can even be called that. I mean God knows I'm not perfect. What about my eyesight. It's lousy that's what. Lila's not going to leave me because of my eyesight. What about my penis.
Hey he's right. Whaddya say Charlie huh. Play a little pool. Wait out the heat.
Next game ten bucks.
No.
Right.
No I'm fine.
Listen Miss Ladybird you're here on a rain check and I know it. You're hanging on by your nails. You let that glory whistle blow loud and clear for Eddie and you're a wreck on a railroad track. You're a horse that finished last. So don't make trouble Miss Ladybird. Live and let live. While you can.
It's what Eddie wants. He uh told me to give you some money.
And the way you're looking at me is that the way you look at a man you've just beaten. As if you'd just taken his money and now all you want is  his pride.
Well Mr. Felson maybe you could come out to my place some evening. We could play a few games of billiards.
It's possible.
I like it. It's good for you. Besides you start drinking whisky gambling and it gives you an excuse for losing. That's something you don't need an excuse for losing. How did you make out in the poker game.
Eddie you're a born loser.
What's that supposed to mean.
First time in ten years I ever saw Minnesota Fats hooked really hooked. But you let him off.
To do what.
How much you think you're worth these days. I'm puttin' up the money I'm puttin' up the time. For that I get seventy five per cent return on my money if you win.
Look you wanna hustle pool don't you. This game isn't like football. Nobody pays you for yardage. When you hustle you keep score real simple. The end of the game you count up your money. That's how you find out who's best. That's the only way.
Yeah you already told me that. You cut that slice down to bite size and maybe we can talk.
You name the place boss. I'll be there.
Thinking about what.
How much.
When do I raise the bet.
I don't know.
I don't believe you Eddie. I think you're still a loser.
I got time Bert.
Boy we really gave it to her good.
Come up here to play straight pool with Minnesota Fats.
I couldn't huh. Okay. Go ahead. Set 'em up the way they were before.
I don't want it.
Well now  I mean you figure I'm a little drunk and I'm loaded on the hip and you just want in real friendly while the money's still floating huh. Okay  Go ahead. Set 'em up.
Oh yeah. How'd you find me.
How do you want me to play it. I'm broke.
Aw Eddie.
Is that what you think.
Now and then. Why do you.
Would you like to come out tonight.
For who Mr. Findley Bert he only beat me by one point. Now you can't get off me now.
Gimme ten bucks.
Hi.
You know what kid. I think maybe you're a hustler.
Around.
No not always.
The name should be Eddie. What should my name be.
Fifth of scotch.
Well what do you want to know. And why.
What did all this stuff cost you.
I got beat up. They  They broke my thumbs.
Does it bother you. What he said.
You need the words.
A week. A year.
Why should I.
Well what's your idea of love. Chains.
Would you get off my back Sarah. Once and for all will you get out will you GET OFF MY BACK..
Well you shoot big time pool Fats. I mean that's what everybody says you shoot big time pool. Let's make it two hundred dollars a game.
Twelve. Cross side.
You watch me.
That's good Eddie. For how much.
No.
What.
Where you lived with them.
Have you always had it.
Yes.
Yes.
I guess you could say that.
If we want it it is.
Because the sky is so clear out here.
What Jim what.
George you're acting very strangely.
Of course.
She said the frog came from around the Copper Ridge. She must've been behind the hill.
If we go and look and there's nothing there you'll have to admit to me that this is all in your mind.
Yes.. yes but I'm not sure what I saw anymore.
I wish I could do more but we're moving out.
We're going with you. I mean we're going too.
You're being paranoid.
You bet it did.
It was turned on. I was ignoring you. What's the big emergency.
What happened.
Not really 
Dad 
You think an important person like Constance is going to be listed.
What was it Roswell. You had the space ship the bodies everything locked up in a bunker the what is it Area fifty one. That's it. Area fifty one. You knew and you didn't do nothing.
We've gotta burn the rain forest Pops. Dump toxic waste pollute the air rip up the ozone. Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore.
Then God help us.
And get those helicopters away from the ship. Call them back immediately.
Mr. President we must launch. A delay now would be more costly than when you waited to evacuate the cities.
How long would their shields be down.
Yes I am.
I should have done this a long long time ago.
He wasn't his father. I was kinda hoping he'd want the job though.
Oh. Sorry.
It's all fuzzy.
Yeah. What would you think if we went there to live for a while.
I didn't take it. I thought I didn't need it anymore.
Just what the hell do you think you're doing.
Just fell asleep. He's gonna be just fine. Join me in a little celebration.
If we don't strike soon there may not be much of an America left to defend.
The other bombers might have more luck. We shouldn't just give up 
Not all too dissimilar to us. Breathes oxygen comparable tolerances to heat cold  probably why they're interested in our planet. Hey you wanna see them.
And before here.
Can we negotiate a truce. Is there room for co existance. Can there be peace between us.
Marcus Brody sir. And where is Indy.
You've got it.
All your life.
I don't know. But someone must want it pretty badly.
It's war.
The Name of God 
That was our assessment as well.
We're through.
Yes.
In that case I permit you.
Tomorrow I'll steal you another.
Lower me down.
Right. Six hundred years before the Crusades.
It's ours Indy. Yours and mine.
No Dad. You did. Forty years.
All right move. Move. Rock your Chair. Do what I do.
You don't need the Diary Dad. Marcus has the map.
Oh yes. But I found the clues that will safely take us through in the Chronicles of St. Anselm.
I was the next man.
Ships that pass in the night 
I don't know. We'll find out.
Fly  yes. Land  no.
Junior 
I can get it I can almost reach it Dad.
What did you find Dad.
Ready.
What happened to Marcus Sallah.
No.
No Doctor Jones. It's yours.
The secret of the Grail has been safe for a thousand years. And for all that time the Brotherhood of the Cruciform Sword has been prepared to do anything to keep it safe.
Dinner. And with a prince.. My luck is changing. But look at me my god I've to get ready.
The newspapers exaggerated the incident.
And didn't the Sultan of Madagascar threaten to cut your head off if you ever returned to his country.
That was a misunderstanding.
Dr. Jones I want Nurhachi.
Nobody's perfect. The way I heard it you stole one of them from a small village.
Long ago before my father's father.
Siam.
Holy cow India. How do you know we're in   
Their children.
It's pulling me deeper.
It's curling around me. Damn it stop talking and do something.
He'll be okay. He's a good kid.
Is that what you're hoping to find at this palace Dr. Jones.
Wearing your jewels to bed princess.
Too proud to admit you're crazy about me Dr. Jones.
I can't find any lever. Help me Indy.
Yes they believe you.
What for.
Al ..
It wasn't him.
I see 
I just got here.
Where are we. We're on the street. We're walking down the street. We're talking to ourselves. People are staring at us.
Right.
I'm working on it. Soon as I find the right nerve bundle.
The Nicholson Node. I suppose you haven't heard of that either.
Kill myself.
Yes Yes I'll explain it all. Just put the gun down.
No one. Maybe I dreamed it all up.
You can't go home. When UST finds we're gone they'll come after you and put us away.
Who . Wait a minute. I'm no agent secret or otherwise. And..I'm alone.
We get on which plane.
Why not.
Nothing but it's yours. Change it. Change your whole persona.
Oh yeah to what.
You'll be me.
For chrissakes it's only sand. You should see some of the stuff that's floating around in here. That sand's the cleanest thing in you including me. Now EAT it.
Are you screwing with any nerves.
How should I know.
Anything. Aw hell Just tell her the truth.
Where are you staying.
I made it work.
What are you looking at.
Are you serious.
It lends you an air of mystery.
How do you know.
It wasn't like that.
Better. I found Ryuji.
On what.
Where are you going.
You think. That's what you're good at.
Trying to analyze this stuff. Now go to the medicine shelf and take   and 
Neither can they.
I was afraid of that.
Not sure at all.
It's not the one Wait  there's a label.
Dieter.
She works for them.
Now you're too suspicious.
She's in love with you. Anyone can see that.
You're lovely.
I want you to know how much I appreciate what you've done.
JOE What does some island have to do with this. It's a mistake.
What.
Your memory.
Fine. You look fine.
Oh .Sure.
I feel fine.
What.
Been complaning of hallucinations.
Much better now thank you. Just sit here quietly see there's nothing to worry about just be my old self again .soon 
What's what.
Nothing.
Yeah. One of the corniest lines I ever heard.
I just work for the travel firm.
Me still. They left you alone.
Why.
Why do you do it.
Why did they leave.
What's he done.
We're very close.
How.
Why don't you get us some food. This may take some time.
Where would you go to sell a chip.
Can you.
Looks like they can. What did they do.
They'll listen to what we say in here.
For you.
What.
Do what. I don't know. I'm no good at this.
What about the others.
Yes.
No.
What does he know.
Whoever took it does.
Can I go over to Janeane's house.
P.J.'s.
And it's bullshit. And if I'm right are you going to put the Journal's reputation behind a story that's going to blow up in your face.
Get me to New Orleans this afternoon. I'll shoot the fucking thing myself.
 if you are then I'll take Barbara to soccer and take you to dance after 
CBS does not do that. And you're questioning our journalistic integrity..
Well what do you think I'm going to do. Quit in protest. I'm not going to do that.
No not that. I'm talking about the Associated Press. They got this story that we pulled this interview and they talked to Mike and I. Did you tell them that we were lying.
Yes sir. What caliber is your gun.
Do you have a history of emotional problems Mr. Wigand.
You're getting ahead of yourself. We're all in this together. We're all CBS. We'll find out soon. Thank you gentlemen.
Yeah.
You ready .
Why did you take your stuff from the office.
Will he go on camera and talk about the Mexico City branch.
 ignition propensity you understand any of this .
What's your interest in this Mr. Bergman.
Hardly new news.
Oh how fortunate I am to have Lowell Bergman's moral tutelage to point me down the shining path. To show me the way.
Oh please Mike 
Everything interests me.
How have you liked your stay.
This issue is a drop in the bucket. I can talk to you about what's in here. But I can't talk to you about anything else.
Between journalists and management yes I believe they do  but I don't take that seriously. Where do you work.
How much would I get paid.
So you didn't mention my name. You haven't talked to anybody about me.
How the hell do I know about Brown & Williamson.
No. I did not. Big Tobacco is a big story. And you got something important to say. I can tell. But yes. I did. I came all the way down here to tell you: story no story fuck your story I don't burn people.
Like what.
Johnson & Johnson. Union Carbide in Japan. I was general manager and director of new products. I speak Japanese. I was a director of corporate development at Pfizer. All health related. What else. Outside the zone .
I don't know  you think the Knicks are gonna make it through the semi  finals.
You okay.
It's obvious isn't it.
Yeah  Look thanks for talking. I'm sorry I woke you up.
My father was a mechanical engineer  most ingenious man I ever knew.
You believe that because you get information out to people  something happens.
Yeah great.
Everything  you  say. And I can't defend you man with one hand tied behind my back. Because you keep from me  what they can discover. And they will discover everything. Believe me.
What.
I'm on a leave of absence. Forced vacation.
No you can. Tell him to get on the fucking phone.
There is there is no family.
A delivery device for nicotine.
And you sent the document forward to Sandefur.
And on March 24 Thomas Sandefur CEO of Brown & Williamson had you fired. And the reason he gave you.
When should we do this.
I appreciate all that Jeff. But upon reflection  we've decided to expand our zone of comfort with you.
After you Doll.
You know Miles after my wife wife's mastectomy things were never the same. This might sound cold well maybe not to you Massey but  I like my women with two boobs.
And without it that party is exposed a sitting duck. No wriggle room.
Well I uh that is to say Mr. Dumbarton would like you to uh neutralize a uh business associate by the name of Marylin Rexroth Doyle Massey uh Dumbart uh Massey.
Shut up. I was a lawyer. Just like you. And my clients. Whores just like you.
You were going to be a Cardiac Surgeon. I was going to clerk for the Supreme Court.
I was going to play golf. You were going to have Asian girlfriends.
Yes. The inability to experience pleasure.
Oh. That. Don't waste time with your queen.
Doyle Oil. A Massey Pre nup. She loves him.
Asian. No.
That was oh shit. What if he's on his way over there.
You like kids.
Maybe they put a horse head in her bed.
Isn't everything.
Not yet.
I know you do.
To him. He's a sick freak.
I am thrilled for you but tell me this  How'd you get Howard to do it. I've addressed enough juries to appreciate the power of suggestion but it seemed like he thought it was his own idea.
I don't feel victorious Miles. I feel betrayed abandoned and humiliated. I have pictures of him with another woman 
More pictures. My God Marylin. You can open an erotic art gallery.
Did you invite me here to score some cheap laughs.
Yes. Marylin.
No.
You do.
No ma'am. I have been asleep all my life up to this moment. Marylin will you marry me.
I know. But I've converted most of them into ridiculous Guy rooms a billiard room a card room a gym Honey want you to go out as soon as you feel up to it and buy married things. Woman things. Personalize it. Marylinize it. Make this your house.
Hello Marylin.
I fell in love Miles.
You do. You do love me.
Now. But first he worked for you.
It's not something I wanted either.
Quite a little shopping spree. How do you spend six figures in less than six hours. Oh never mind I've seen it before. I've seen everything.
He was right wasn't he.
By reputation. He got Ann Rumsey that cute little island of George's.
Well what does he want.
They bought her speech. If I was only in it for Rex's money he shouldn't have to give me any.
So Marylin. Is that what you said when you were a little girl.
No. I'll see some blood before this is over but it won't be mine.
I guess.
Excuse me.
She's here now.
My client is prepared to settle for fifty percent of the marital assets.
Oh brother. Here we go.
Ah.
Not in court you can't. Has she retained counsel.
She brought my digestive enzymes.
In anticipation of making you sick.
No. You're not.
Who's Rex's guy.
If I didn't I wouldn't be here. I've got it all itemized.
What's the matter. Isn't it cheap enough. A trip like that would cost you a thousand dollars.
If Gandhi had a chef like Paul it would change the whole political situation in India.
South America.
I'll do it if it takes every penny I've got. I'll do it if I have to bribe that musical comedy Justice of the Peace. I'll do it—if I have to prove that you were dragged in staggering drunk. You probably were. Mmm—mmm. This filet mignon is divine.
Nothing much. I just think he's a fake that's all.
Why not. Look what he's doing for aviation. It takes courage to do what he does. And character. At least he's accomplished something worthwhile. I suppose you'd like to have me marry a business man. Well I hate business men—particularly if you're a shining example.
I'll shout to my heart's content. I'll scream if I want to.
Nothing.
I don't know.
Is that his name.
I'm sorry you read it.
I suppose so.
Certainly. Pay him off. He's entitled to it. He did an excellent job. Kept me thoroughly entertained. It's worth every penny he gets.
Yessir. She refuses them all.
No. Say listen—I've devoted a whole lifetime trying to tame that wildcat. Toughest job I ever tackled. Ever hear of J.P. Clarkson. Biggest man in the country isn't he. Well I tamed him Got him eating out of the palm of my hand. I've browbeaten financiers statesmen foreign ministers—some of the most powerful people in the world—but I've never been able to do a thing with her. She's been too much for me. I'm glad you think it's easy. Now listen—if you'll do what I tell you perhaps I might develop a little respect for you. You never can tell.
Personally I think it's stupid. But go ahead. Have a good time. As long as Ellie doesn't object.
Now that's a brilliant answer. Why didn't I think of it. Our conversation could have been over long ago.
That cadaverous looking yegg who sat in front of us just up and took it. Boy how that baby can run.
What am I going to do now.
No. I'd rather you didn't.
That was foolish of me. Why didn't you shove me away.
My ticket.
Beat it.
That's none of your business.
Peter Warne. I don't like it.
Outside.
I know a couple of truck drivers I'd like to have you meet sometime. Come on sit down.
I'd have gotten you some cream but it meant buying a whole pint.
What makes you so disgustingly cheerful this morning.
Oh. Is that how you met him.
Don't look at me. I didn't marry King Westley.
He didn't make a pass at me. I told you a million times.
I did. It was my idea wasn't it.
Must be some strange power Westley has over you women. How do you expect to get there.
To New York.
No.
Sorry. It's the first time I've ridden piggy back in years.
Not a one.
Thought you were hungry.
Raw.
Talked him out of it. He thinks we're going to stay a week. I'll have to think of something before morning.
I'm glad you think so. If you ask me it's foolish. I told you there's no sense in our staying here tonight. We could make New York in less than three hours.
I would. But I've got a weak stomach.
Hey wait a minute. Let's get something straightened out right now. If you've any peculiar ideas that I'm interested in you forget it. You're just a headline to me.
Thank you.
Husband.
Yeah. What makes you think so. He took his suitcase and everything. Kinda surprised huh. It's just like I told you Zeke. They ain't married a'tall
That's pretty good Well shut my big nasty mouth.
You've had a pretty tough break at that. Twice a Missus and still unkissed.
What time is it.
I said the old man's screwy.
What. Say listen you. When you get back to New York take my advice and stay f a r away from this office—unless you don't care what happens to that funny map of yours.
Don't get sore Joe. This is something you got to do for me. I need a thousand dollars—and I need it quick. I'm in a jam.
What.
Sure. I wouldn't blame you either.
Thanks Joe.
ain't got a hat—
What.
If you ask me I don't believe they're married.
But what in the world do they want a trumpet for.
Yeah you'll have to git
There's a seat over there for you.
That's right.
Take that story there for instance. Be kinda sweet if we could collect that ten thousand smackers.
My instinct is that Ferrie is going to keep on deteriorating and we'll end up getting more out of him when he finally cracks. If we call him now he might freeze up and we could lose the best shot we've ever had.
Without them it's going to be near impossible chief to prove Shaw's connection to the CIA. We got the same problem with the governors. All of them. Reagan in California won't give us Brading Ohio refuses Orville Townsend Texas on Arcacha and Nebraska on Sandra Moffet.
Hell no. I told this Bertrand cat right off this isn't my scene man. I deal with muni court I'm a hack in nigger town that kid needs a hot dog.
Then how the hell did you get in the Warren Commission Dean. Except through the phone records in the Dallas jail.
Not unless we go for Shaw now.
Yeah what's the big mystery. Everybody down here knows the guy.
Yeah strange guy. Dave introduced him as 
Y'ever heard of a double agent Bill. I'm beginning to doubt Oswald was ever a Communist  after the arrest 544 Camp Street never appeared on the pamphlets again. Now here's another one for you: What would you say if I told you Lee Oswald had been trained in the Russian language when he was a Marine.
He had his palm print on the weapon.
 ever called Dean Andrews.
Thank you  Mr. Shaw.
Yeah you got it. Since you're the only straight shooter in that fuckin' office I'd like an answer from you. Did you plant it.
Dave do you think we're out of our minds. The whole building's been a zoo since that broke. We can't get a thing done. Reporters crawling everywhere. You think we want that.
No I never saw him before in my life.
I hadn't been there ice skating in many years and I had a couple of young friends with me and we decided we wanted to go ice skating.
Yeah yeah. But leave me alone for awhile. I got to make some calls.
Oh yes there were admirals   and when you are a lieutenant colonel in the Army you just follow orders and at the end of the autopsy we were specifically told   as I recall it was Admiral Kenney the Surgeon General of the Navy   we were specifically told not to discuss the case.
I call'em as I see'em Jim. I'm ruling it inadmissible.
There's nothing wrong with feeling a little scared Jasper Virginia. Telling the truth can be a scary thing. It scared President Kennedy but he was a brave man. If you let yourself be too scared then you let the bad guys take over the country don't you   and then everybody gets scared.
That doesn't make sense Mrs. Hill. We have the man that killed the President.
Look do you want the truth or just what you want me to say.
None. The State Department issues him a new passport in 48 hours and loans him the money to travel. He's never investigated or charged by the Navy for revealing classified information or as far as we know debriefed by the CIA.
Bugging the District Attorney's office of New Orleans. It's outrageous.
A Perry Russo.
It adds a taste of elegance for which I must confess a weakness for now and then. I call him Smedley. His real name is Frankie Jenkins   but I could hardly imagine anything more uncouth during dinner than my turning toward the kitchen and hollering Frankie.. Where is this leading to Mr. Garrison.
I know but Mr. Garrison the FBI is just not doing their job.
Well maybe you're right Jim. I'll give you one hour to solve the case  until the kids are in bed. Then you're mine and Mr. Kennedy can wait 'til morning. Come on everybody say goodnight to Daddy.
Liz do I have to spell it out for you. Lee Oswald was no ordinary soldier. That was no accident he was in Russia. He was probably in military intelligence. That's why he was trained in Russian.
It's going to get worse honey.
Leave us ALONE for God's sake Oh it's Lou.
Oh I don't know anymore. I believe there was a conspiracy but not the government. I just want to raise our children and live a normal life. I want my life back.
Oh no. No. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Both of them both brothers oh my God.
Let's get outta here Lou. I saw too much stuff like this in the war.
Unless he or someone else wants him to get caught. Maybe he never ordered the weapon Lou. Somebody else did. It was picked up at the post office early morning when Oswald's time sheet shows him clocked in at his job. Lou come alive. These things are not adding up.
The Warren Commission call him.
Head of the CIA since '53. Kennedy fired them both. Cabell was his deputy for nine years. Talk about the fox investigating the chicken coop. Now we'll have to subpoena them Lou.
You sure got it. You're one stubborn and stupid sonofabitch D.A. and you're making one hell of a mistake.
Don't get me started on that. Those Warren Commission fellows were pickin' gnat shit out of pepper. No one's gonna tell me that kid did the shooting job he did from that damned bookstore.
Well if I am why is the Government concealing evidence.
The size of this is  beyond me. Testify.
 don't think so. When they start to drool they get rid of 'em. These guys are proud of what they did. They did Dealey Plaza. They took out the President of the United States. That's entertainment. And they served their country doing it.
 and your General.
Ever ask him.
Well I'd ask Guy   we were friendly you know   heart attack wasn't it.
You have other information.
There was one guy I don't know big guy business guy white hair   I saw him come into the office once. He looked out of place y'know   like a society guy. Can't remember his name. Oswald was with him.
Clay Bertrand. He's in the Warren Report. He tried to get Oswald a lawyer. Was Kennedy ever discussed Jack.
That's all you've had all this time.
Stop your investigation  it was a magnificent effort but it's over and done with. The press is already on your behind and that's only the beginning my boy only the beginning.
Yes.
Six.
What are they.
Yes you have a suit I've had my eye on.
I went. I did. I took my mother and little brother.
I won't forget.
Three years.
What'd ya mean.
I can't believe you do me this way.
Well my ass has got a problem spending ten thousand dollars of my own goddam money to get ungrateful peanuthead niggas outta jail but I do it   
In his inside coat pocket.
She sound scared.
Suspicion of what.
What's in it.
Beauty products.
Take your time.
He wouldn't say. You gonna follow her.
You're serious.
Sure ever been to the Riverbottom.
Couldn't we just stop at a seven  eleven.
It's kind of a sports bar
Davidoffs. I get 'em in Mexico. They're hard to find here. I was locked up with the last two getting legal advice from a woman who was in for bustin' her boyfriend's head open with a baseball bat.
Was she helpful.
So far I've been told I can cooperate and get probation maybe. Or I can stand mute and get as much as five years. Does that sound right.
Who gave me the money and who I was giving it to. And some guy they found in a trunk with his head blown off. Said it was him who told them 'bout me.
He's got that kinda money.
Ask A.T.F. They might give you permission.
I am. Have a seat.
He came by.
He needs me. Without me all that money is just gonna sit over there in Cabo. Sugar.
Surprise.
How old's Annette.
Bring the money in and they follow it.
Right around here in the food court.
Sit down leave the bag under the table.
He was here.
Yeah we were goin' over everything. That's why all the bags.
Not really. But I knew this narcotics cop one time. Told me that in a raid the whole package never gets back to the station. His exact words.
Has Nicolet told you any colorful stories like that.
Shoot him with the stun gun. While he's incapacitated cuff him take 'em to County.
If you had a chance unemployed now to walk off with a half million dollars would you take it.
Where's the rest of it.
It's not that simple.
Get Ordell to come to your office.
Tell him you want to see him.
I hesitated taking that much.
Do you blame yourself for helping me.
Yeah.
Can I smoke.
Short of wearing a wire I'll do everything I can to help you throw his ass in jail. And in exchange for my help I need permission to leave the country and immunity.
I'm sure that was the idea.
Uh huh.
I got there early. I've had my eye on this suit Wait let's start over. I got there early. The idea was to try on the suit see if I liked it. If I did get them to wrap it up and change back into my uniform. That's what Sheronda's expecting me to wear. Go meet Sheronda give her the bag with fifty thousand and go home.
This guy with Melanie that was Louis Gara.
Great ..Wanda.
Keep it between us girls.
Do you got something for me.
Shut your ass up and grab the wall.
The cops didn't try and strangle my ass.
I said you understand what I'm saying
It's okay. I forgive you. Now let's say if I tell on you I walk. And if I don't I go to jail.
Yeah I think a woman.
No I give it to someone else first.
Who.
Look it's my ass facin' the penitentiary. You send some hard  headed roc whore and she fucks things up.
She waits for you to go in the place where you try things on.
I'm gonna be sittin' at the titty bar In downtown L.A. till my man over here calls me and gives me the O.K. sign.
He won't know where the money came from. Only that it's money.
Were you a disco girl.
We had done time together already.
I lived there for about nine months.
About five years ago.
Now that's over let's get to know each other.
Yeah.
What's your cost.
What's your relationship.
She one of the women I got set up. I got Melanie in Hermosa Beach. I rent Simone a small house in Compton and about four blocks away I got me this nineteen year old country girl named Sheronda. I found her waitin' for a bus two days outta Alabama barefoot country as a chicken coop. Took her to my house in Compton told her it was Hollywood.
I told you man. She my fine little surfer gal.
Hang it up she's on her way. You gotta listen to this. This involves you.
I haven't even looked at it yet it's still in the shopping bag.
I shot her.
You know how she is.
Maybe  but at that moment  I dunno 
Maybe forty maybe not that much.
Maybe a minute. She came right out.
That's right.
That's why I never checked it. The bag felt right.
You gonna tell me who it was.
How am I supposed to know that.
Where would you like me to put my ash.
It was our idea to take the picture wasn't it.
Gonna have to put up cash.
Do you know what he's on probation for.
Will they consider this a violation of his probation.
Beaumont ain't going nowhere. Where do I sign.
Was she.
Is this me and you like a lawyer  client relationship. The lawyer can't tell nothing he hears.
You want me to speculate on what you do. I'd say you're in the drug business except the money's moving in the wrong direction. Whatever you're into you seem to be getting away with it so more power to you. Okay you want another bond and you want to move over the ten thousand you put down on Beaumont to the stewardess. That means paperwork. I have to get a death certificate present it to the court fill out a receipt for return of bond collateral then type up another application. An indemnity agreement   
Ordell this isn't a bar an you don't have a tab.
Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business.
Is that what I think it is.
Looky here I know you helped her and I know you know what I want. Jackie can tell me any story come in that pretty head of hers. Long as at the end of that story she hands over my money. She do that we're still friends. Now she don't wanna be my friend no more tell her to think about ol' Louis. And if she tries to turn me in I'll name her ass as my accessory. We'll go upstate together. Hand in handcuffed hand. Now that shit's a promise understand what I'm sayin'. You tell her that and I'll call you back.
That's what Winston does. He finds people who don't want to be found.
I'd like to hear that too. Turn around and put your hands on your head.
Lift up your pant leg. You help her.
Call her tell her the combination.
Turn left.
Yeah.
What are you then.
It's fun.
Like Della.
I could have told you that.
Frank. It's Jake. Jacob SInger.
What are you talking about.
There was a bang.
It's cold.
Then why aren't you teaching. Why aren't you in a university.
A doctor. And what's he gonna do tell me I'm crazy. They've fucked with my head. I've got to prove it. You've got to do something.
Used you.
It means that you and your buddies are whacko that you were discharged on psychological grounds after some war games in Thailand.
I say you should get a shrink.
How do you know.
Sarah.
She told you that. Did she tell you about the $2000 I'm still paying for the orthodontist. I'll bet she didn't mention that.
Her problem is that you spent eight years getting a PhD and then went to work for the post office.
What can I tell you Louis. After Nam I didn't want to think anymore. I decided my brain was too small an organ to comprehend this chaos.
I can't relax.
Ah. Neither snow nor sleet nor dark of night.. I always admired that.
I haven't seen her in months.
See them. What do you mean. Physically.
Have you considered a doctor. A psy  chiatrist.
New. He's been here for years.
Jacob Singer.
It's not healthy with it closed.
Oh God Jezzie ask me tomorrow.
I don't let anybody call me that.
You're a real heathen you know that Jezzie. Jesus how did I ever get involved with such a ninny.
Yeah but for what.
Jake you are never out of your head.
Look at her face. A real bitch.
Now. What about the boss. He's not gonna like it.
What does that have to do with anything. Does it explain the barricaded subway stations. Does it explain those Godforsaken creatures.
Those guys tried to kill me tonight. They were aiming right at me.
That you'd die on the way to the hospital. Now get into that tub.
You're red hot damn it. Get in there. I've got to get more ice.
Am I home.
You're right here Jake. You just rest. The doctor said you had a virus. That's what they say when they don't know what it is. You can't do anything for a week. He says you gotta recuperate. Now you just lie here. Mrs. Sandelman made you some chicken soup. It'll warm you up.
I don't know. That's all he said. He wasn't very friendly. Oh yeah. He said your buddies backed down. They chickened out he said.
Let go.
What's gotten into you.
It's not practical Jez. It'll be hard enough alone.
No. Things are too hot. Later. I'll send for you.
I promise.
Sit down.
Cause you know goddamn well who I am.
That doesn't mean shit. Where do you come from huh. And I don't mean Indiana.
What do you want me to say. My mother's tummy.
I'm okay. I just don't want to lis  ten.
Your capacity for self delusion is remarkable Dr. Singer.
Yeah sure. We were losing the war.
The truth can kill my friend. Five hundred men died out there. This isn't a story they'd ever want out. When Paul's car blew up I realized the scope of the thing. I knew they meant business.
I'd hoped I'd never have to. Just open your mouth and stick out your tongue.
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil but no one ever said I wouldn't be shittin' in my pants every step of the way huh. Stick out your tongue. That'a boy. Now why don't you just lie down and relax.
I know. That's why I'm asking.
You got a nice tan though.
Push 'em back.
What..
Push 'em back.
Call my chiropractor.
Paul Gruneger. Well I'll be goddamned.
A long time.
It's not worth it. You'll never win.
What's wrong.
That black car.
I don't know who they are or what they are. But they're gonna get me and I'm scared Jake. I'm so scared I can't do anything. I can't go to my sisters. I can't even go home.
Don't do anything. Paul I know what you're talking about.
The army.
How did it happen.
I don't blame him. What should I do with the ice.
He's melting it as fast as we dump it in.
Oh come on.
Then break it. If you don't pull it the ship's going to depressurize.
We don't have a choice.
Sergeant. We thought you were 
Get out of here.
Then you better hurry. I'll blow alley one Delongpre you and Rizzo take there. Janessa you ready two and we'll meet up there.
You tell me. She's only set one charge. And it's not finished.
Then stop talking and work faster.
Faster. Don't we have another gun.
And now we're all out of it.
Fine just stay out of my way. Hit it.
Roger that. Time to kick some ass.
Jason. He's what happened. Then Grendel hit Space Lab.
Well we'd be dead without you. You know that don't you.
You'll be fine.
I get it.
I've waited long enough. Kay you know what to do.
Oh I like her a lot.
I'm thinking Rizzo was right.
Maybe we should go with them. Like you said your Space Lab connections can deal with this thing. At least we'll be safe.
Well do something.
Keep your shirt on. I'm working on it. You won't believe what we found. Adrienne. Stoney.
Try to calm down. Just think you're going to be famous.
Sergeant we could use a big bomb.
Kay em 14.
I love you.
We're missing two of the kids.
I gotta go back.
Alright I'm No way is this a joke.
Obviously so.
Nano but nanotechnology is impossible.
They can deal with this sort of thing.
I'm all checked out for light surf and look at it.
Sure Dad.
What do you mean 'We .'
It's my charter. My party.
All right Commissioner. But when we're on my ship I am Master Mate and Pilot. And I want him ..along for ballast.
Get behind me dummy. Reverse her and turn he's taking too much line. Wet my reel quick.
Unbuckle me fast. Grab the leader. He ain't normal this one  they never   
Tattoo. Had it taken off.
Dead astern. Zig zag.
I think they make you look sexy.
Hey Chief. Bring my cup back.
All I'm saying is that Amity is a summer town we need summer dollars and if they can't swim here they'll use the beaches at Cape Cod or Long Island.
Be reasonable boys this isn't the time or the place to do some kind of half assed autopsy on a fish. Ben  do you have all the pictures you need.
Half a flounder. Hmmm  a burlap bag  a paint can  aha.
Chum.
We will. There's something I've got to find out.
You were on the Indianapolis. In '45. Jesus 
What's the matter with my printing.
You love sharks.
I've got all these signs here 
Anti Shark cage.
Who's inside you or the shark.
That's it. I'm standing here arguing with a guy who can't wait to be a hot lunch. Goodbye.
You know how I feel about her.
Hey cool tiger. Looks proud.
Go Carole. So guess what.
Whose idea was it.
Okay cool.
Oh. That's a relief.
I don't. Katrina smells like soup. Her whole house smells of soup.
Yeah I did ask her if she wanted to go. A bunch of us from the team are going to Benihana then the prom then Vijay's parents' cabin.
I'm not mad. I'm in a fucking great mood. Despite the fact that I'm trapped in a fat suit I can't take off despite the fact that everyone is making fun of me behind my back despite the fact that your little girlfriend gave me the stinkeye in art class yesterday 
Why. Because I got bored and had sex with you one day and then I didn't like marry you.
Well  thanks. I think I'm pretty much set until college on the Tic Tac front.
You know it's okay.
We both have shiny happy fits of rage. You want more fans I want more stage. I don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you.
Oh hey Vijay.
Yup.
You think you're special because you get to play Picture Pages up there.
But I'm going to give it up for adoption. I already found the perfect people.
The term deliver is so weird. Can we not say deliver.
No I mean in your pregnancy.
Oh. Uh my stepmom took me to the doctor yesterday and they said I was twelve weeks.
What. My eyes are not lying.
Fine. Call me when you learn how to love just one person and not cheat at your brother's college just because you had four Smirnoff Ices and a bottle of Snow Peak Peach flavored Boone's.
What. No. Do we come off like paranoid yuppies or something.
What. I'm a pawn shop rocker.
Tell me about it. I used to play in a really tight band back when I lived in Chicago and one night we opened for the Melvins  do you know who the Melvins are.
Have you seen those ads for Titanium Power men's deodorant.
Titanium Power. Get more snatch by the batch.
I wrote that.
The doctor can tell but I decided not to know. I want it to be a big surprise.
You don't have to do that.
Please. Dario Argento is the ultimate master of horror.
My dad went through this phase where he was obsessed with Greek and Roman mythology. He named me after Zeus's wife. I mean Zeus had other lays but I'm pretty sure Juno was his only wife. She was supposed to be really beautiful but really mean. Like Diana Ross.
You know not many teenage girls in your situation would actually go through with this.
Is Vanessa here.
Hilarious. No I just keep all of my old comics down here and I want to show you one of them.
Most Fruitful Yuki is bad ass man. You should be proud to be the same condition.
What.
No. No you definitely cannot do that Mark. That's a big fat sack of no.
I want you guys to adopt the Buglet. I wanted everything to be perfect. Not shitty and broken like everyone else's family. Listen once I have the baby Vanessa is going to finally be happy and everything will be all right. Believe me on this one.
But you're old.
I  How do you think of me Juno. Why are you here.
This ..this is what my life has become. Stuff in boxes. Stuff underground. Is that so appealing to you.
Wise move. I know this girl who had a huge crazy freakout because she took too many behavioral meds at once. She took off her clothes and jumped into the fountain at Ridgedale Mall and she was like Blaaaaah. I'm a kraken from the sea.
I heard that was you.
Well it was nice seeing you.
A Maker's Mark please. Up.
My partner uses these every time we have intercourse. They make his balls smell like pie.
You're pregnant.
I also have good teeth. No cavities. We finally got fluoridated water in Dancing Elk.
Dealing with stuff way beyond my maturity level. Where is everyone.
Tot ice skating. Tots can't ice skate. Liberty Bell's still getting the hang of stairs.
Yeah like people in love.
Please stop now.
Silencio. I just drank my weight in Sunny D. and I have to go pronto.
I don't know. It's not  seasoned yet. Wait. Huh. Yeah there's that pink plus sign again. God it's unholy.
I am a suicide risk.
Like a year ago in Spanish class.
Keep your voice down dude my mom's around here somewhere. She doesn't know we're sexually active.
But then you'll get huge. Your chest is going to milktate. And you have to tell everyone you're pregnant.
Of the Penny Saver Lorings.
I just thought she'd look really old in real life.
I wish my funbags would get bigger.
Vanessa has wanted a baby since we got married.
Why do people think yellow is gender  neutral. I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.
I think I'm leaning toward Custard in this light. I don't know. I should paint a small area 
Like what. Be a rock star.
Have you found a place to stay.
Adele  we gotta do something before Early kills someone else.
That French ain't it.
Not really.
 Yeah sure.
An' resistin' arrest  At least that's what the Police said.
How many times you gonna tell me that.
 I don't know.
She had a dream that somethin' like this was gonna happen.
That's a good idea. Unfortunately most of them have been executed.
I always thought it was the work of a serial killer. Anyone who took that much time and care bisecting another human being must have been enjoying it and would have done it again. And again. Until someone stopped him.
Two brothers prospectors lived here. Up until a few years back.
It's about fucking time Kessler. I'd just about given up on you.
Real polite. Kept calling me 'sir.'
Up yours.
You mean 'Ted Bundy's' finally agreed to leave.
 I know I'd love to smash this bottle right in your fucking face.
With four of them I didn't use any kind of protection. Wait maybe it was three.
Yes.
That would be good. But I mean more like. I don't know. Like when I was having sex with her I kept thinking how much I would like to put it in her ass. Just to see what would happen.
Like. Like. Never love. Love is for low level virgin seduction guys.
Yeah.
You got any money.
Darcy. Benny's little sister.
Yeah.
I know what you mean.
Why I do what.
I don't know. How much do you want.
That shit gives me a rash all under my arms and around my stomach. I like my odor. It's fuckin' natural.
Hey Jennie. Long time no see. What are you doing here.
Right here.
Come on nigga. Sup sup then. Stop faking moves.
Don't take a bath. Come swimmin' with us.
Bang up stuff.
Because I'm a virgin and I don't want no baby.
But I don't know. I'm just scared that things would change. Between us.
Well I don't mean to be a pest. It was just that I was looking at you. And you look upset. I liked looking at you but your face looks upset. And I was wondering if I could be of any assistance. Maybe I could cheer you up or somethin. Help make you happy. Who knows. Somethin' maybe.
Because gee you don't look OK. I mean you're a very beautiful young lady. It's just that you look troubled that's all 
Yeah I guess so.
Oh yeah sure. When I was a kid I had a crush on the prom queen. Darlene Louis. She had a big black mole in the center of her face that used to get me so excited. Darlene Louis. You know you look a little bit like her.
Well then I don't know. You know what you do then. You forget. Block it out. I remember when I was a little boy. My grandmother told me to be happy. She said. She said Leon my darling little grandson. If you want to be happy don't think. Don't bump into any walls. If you stutter. Don't talk And I took her advice. And look at me now. Couldn't be happier.
Yeah. I was gonna write a book but I can't spell.
Boom  Boom 
Mine are like my neck and my chest.
Come on. Don't cry. We'll work it out.
Yep.
Right. You know it's not like  You know there's a difference between sex making love and fucking.
Yep.
It's not his fault. He had a hard life.
It's grandmother style.
And we were like underneath the sheets. We were going at it like crazy. Oh my God that shit was so good. It was like hard 
I think you're lying. That's what kind of problem.
No.
Of course it was. Otherwise I'd be breaking and entering. That's a felony.
There's a photostat of the original on the wall.
Homesearchers.
It's all a big game isn't it. A sick fuckin' game. I don't know if there's two of you involved or what but we're going to find out. Last night you gave us just enough to send us to the wrong place. It must've shocked the hell out to you when Frank walked in on Pine Road and you couldn't finish.
I want you to feed every street in this grid into your computer.
I gotta friend over there. He was telling me things are kind of slow. So I figured I'd give him a call have him come down here and look through your records. You know give him something to do.
Local.
No. She just moved here last month from Portland.
What do you mean stand out.
Oh c'mon. We're not going to spend any more time on this crap are we. It doesn't mean anything. It's Sanderson.
Jesus you're sleeping with the guy. You've lost your perspective. You can't possibly be unbiased.
Who is this.
Did you know her.
That's something you'll have to figure out for yourself. Really Peter you can't expect me to answer such direct questions.
You don't want to think and that's why I'll win. I'm already two points ahead.
I couldn't tell you that. It would ruin the game. Not that you're playing it very well.
I'll give you anything you want. Anything. Please.
Very good. How did you know.
He's in his seventies and lives in Holland.
The scars on your chest. From where I stabbed you with my fountain pen.
Nice meeting you.
Nothing.
We're not sure.
That's a big area to cover.
What does that mean.
How can he be playing Chess with you. You're not making any moves against him.
It's over Peter. Let's stop the games. I'm not sending a car.
On a variation yes but it must be a variation that is unique.
About what.
Feel like practicing.
Sara this is Doctor Sheppard. I called you earlier about a book.
When I was very young.
Chess is a reflection of life. Life is violent. The strong win. The weak perish.
You sound like my mother.
I'm sure you are.
Wasn't I just talking about me.
She died in a car accident.
What. By attacking me.
What are you talking about. You don't even know me.
I tried again and got through.
Then why are you backing up.
Exactly. It's the key.
Where's the note.
I can't think any more unless it's about you. I'll be in the middle of a match and instead of thinking about my next move I think about how you look when you smile. Remember how you said that I hide behind my chessboard. Ever since my wife died I've been  I've been afraid of getting too close to someone again afraid of losing them.
Of course it isn't. It's always difficult when someone you love dies. But you can't feel responsible because she had a car accident.
It could be anything.
No he didn't.
Oh. That. I know what you mean. I had nightmares all week.
Last night was the worst. I dreamt you had one leg shorter than the other and walked like a penguin.
That's worse.
<u>What</u>.
Come quickly Colwyn. I can see the eyes of the Beast.
That way. I can feel the cold.
In the old books. It's called a glaive.
Lyssa.. Lyssa..
Then even if Lyssa tells us where she is we'll never be able to reach her for they will never allow the Fortress to rise near us.
Yes they knew of your first contact so they drove her below.
I will find her.
I'm not sure.
There is no other way. You asked me why the Beast had come this time.
Like you she has extraordinary powers. He would make her his Queen.
Never.
It is my fate to die in the Fortress.
Perhaps he expected to eat it.
Because you would not rob if you had no children to provide for.
So your sons will speak of you to your grandsons and your grandsons to their grandsons.
That I promise you.
Why do they burn the villages. There's nothing to gain.
They do not exist except in the waters of the Swamp where they will remain.
What kind of friend do you think I am.
Go. I command you.
A small house.
No.
A foolish wish. And you Quell.
Not working. This nose. This nose works day and night. This nose has never loafed an hour in its life. This nose.. What. Impossible. This nose asleep while venison fills the air. Where is it boy. Tell me where it is and I forgive you everything.
And do you think I'm not going to eat myself to death this very night. Huh.
Many villagers are hiding in the forest. They need food.
And do you think I live on air.
The forest is not safe these days. You'd best travel with us.
He was aiming a huge spear right at me.
He will not come. You will be my queen.
I will seek the Fortress for you.
Yes.
Each to his fate. Wait for me at the inn. If I am not back by dawn you will know my fate and you must go on without me.
That is true.
Could not. Could not betray the girl to whom I was betrothed.
Knowledge.
A young man seeks her. A young man about the age I was when I met you.
Then the other Lyssa will share your fate. She will grow old in the Fortress as you have grown old here.
There is sand enough for only one life. Go now save the other.
Why do you want to know.
Huh. I see but this is the FBI little girl and I can't let you in. But if you leave me his money I'll give him it myself.
No  I can't  I got tired. I want to live my way.
 What.
Yeah.
I'll explain you Leon: they'll ask you to fill in a lot of forms and you can't write and they'll ask you your job your employer's name and you can't tell them: My job I'm a hitman and my employer is Tony his record is longer than his resturant's menu. That's why you can't have a bank account.
Take them you never know  If you want to have some fun. Take it's a gift.
How can you say it.
Yeah  Come on have a little training.
Yes.
Quick doesn't mean ready. And you can't discuss we said. Right.
Too heavy.
OK OK. Excuse me. How old were you when you had your first contract.
 You're young Mathilda  You still have a chance to get out. You can't give up this chance. You have to protect it. There's a lot of things to do in life a lot of other jobs 
There are just two things I'm interested in: love and death. For the moment I have none of the two.
 Yes. The day he got out of jail. I allowed him to make ten steps  No more. And bang. Two hundred meters. By telescope. That night I left my country and came here to join my father who worked for Tony I was 17. Then I never left the city  And never had another girlfriend 
Yeah what.
Yeah but he's not exactly my father 
No  Dino's.
Did you fish in Messina. The pesce spada.
 Even his mother wouldn't.
These guys have no place. They change virtually everyday. And his name  It's a surname.
If you really want to do this  plan it out. Rest up. Train for it. Build up your body. Plan every stop along the way. How much money. Time. Really do it properly. This is all so by the seat of your pants.
No it's not.
If you can't redo these six hundred miles when you're rested and ready how are you possible going to walk another two thousand five hundred miles in your present condition.
Uncle the way I was told if that police car didn't happen down that road you would be dead right now. That guy Denny had jumped bail in another state he's dangerous  They'll be other Dennys if you don't plan.
What.
Sergeant I'm a psychologist and I know the difference between normal whims people have and actions that clearly display psychological problems  My uncle lost his wife and it devastated him.
It's a tremendous amount of work moving.
Anything.
What do you want from me. Would I swim across an ocean for you . Would I walk across the United States for you. Yes  Yes I would. You know that.
You can't change your mind.
  People that were made to be parents and people who were not made to be parents  My parents were people who were not made to be parents but had kids anyway. I don't want us to be that way Ellen.
Face it Ellen I'm not the type of person who reads bedtime stories. But you love me anyway.
I think it's a different place for each person.
If I had seen you. By the way I'm sorry about your wife. They told me.
From where.
Jumped where.
What was that.
This is the route approved by triple A. Even if you followed back roads the entire way you'd still be looking at roughly the same distance 
Umm Coalville Utah.
Pulitzer here I come.
Where.
  Round The World In Eighty Days  Hello Kris.
I missed you to Mr. Parker.
Why in God's name did you fly all the way here then.
Oh that's not mine.
Forty seven years.
What. Who are you.
Everything's ten dollars and there's no alcohol.
Non alcoholic malt beverage.
No.
Are you working.
No just drunk  but that's OK. Where's your car.
I was looking for you tonight. I don't know if you have a boyfriend 
Thank you. What time is it.
Sure  tonight. Then please stay at my place.
What.
Well I was prepared for worse but it wasn't so bad. We were sitting at the bar talking about blackjack. You seemed just fine a little drunker than usual but nothing really strange but then your head started to droop and I put my arm on your shoulder and then wham you swung you arm at me and fell backwards off your stool into a cocktail waitress. You smashed everything on her tray it was a real mess. You kept yelling and yelling.
I told them you were an alcoholic and I would take you home. I also promised that we would never come in there again.
OK but remember that they wear it because they have to. I wear it because I want to. That'll make me look different. Let's get a drink.
Yes  I'll give you that.
Last spring I happened to walk past a house that I had once patronized. There was a cool breeze blowing off the ocean and through the window I could see a bare leg. The girl must have been taking a break between customers. It was a strange moment for me because it reminded me of my mother and despite the fact that I was late for something already I just stayed there loving the atmosphere of it and my memory and  the reason I'm telling you this epilogue is that I felt that I'd come full circle.
Let's stay for a while.
I was going real fast down on the beach and something slipped and everything got jammed up.
Do I look that obvious. My name's Paul.
Yes of course. How much do you need.
No.
Sera  please go.
But it's a top three school   
You understand you're on trial for murder.
I didn't do it. I walked in saw my husband lying on the floor bent down to check his heart screamed my head off and Chutney and Enrique ran inside.
I loved him.
I'll take that as a no.
You're fired. I have new representation.
Whatever it is it could save you.
No she'd stashed it by then.
Yes.
Due to the fact that you retained the residence Ms. Bonafante is entitled to full ownership of the canine property in question and we will be enforcing said ownership immediately.
Tell him Paulette.
I'm impressed that you took the initiative to go there and get it. That's what makes a good lawyer. And on top of that you gained the client's trust and kept it. That's what makes a great lawyer. You're smart Elle. Smarter than most of the guys I have on my payroll.
Oh yes. Mrs. Windham is the most sweet wonderful woman I know. I have loved her since the day she hired me. She could never do something this awful. I know this because we are very close.
He chose them already.
We spend a beautiful night together and then I never hear from you again.
Forget it. I've already spent too many hours crying over you.
What could I do. He's a man who followed his pecker to greener pastures. I'm a middle  aged high school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass. Happens every day. At least to women like me.
Definitely. I love him.
No.
Have you ever considered asking him if he'd like a cold beverage. Or perhaps a neck massage.
I know. I thought that was very classy of you.
Well I don't want to look like I know what's coming 
No way   
Margot.
And if you don't know the answer they just kick you out.
That is a direct result of anti  blonde discrimination.
Then forget it. Besides I have an early class tomorrow.
Is he the only one.
What like on va kay.
Oh my God. I completely forgot to tell you.
I do.
Your what.
There's a pizza welcome lunch in twenty minutes. Does that count.
So are you.
That's not entirely   
No.
Tell me about it. I can't imagine doing all this and Donovan's internship next year.
I just don't want to see you get your hopes up. You know how you get.
I didn't stick around long enough to watch him stick his swizzle stick in her mouth but I'd bet my next check that that's where he was about to put it.
Helloo  you let him have anal sex with you. Helloo  you let him videotape you diddling yourself.
Fire moat  why do that.
I like well what I see. It pleases me.
But I'm hideous.
Grotesque  monstrous 
We're all of us beasts my dear. Only most are afraid to show it.
I am a creature of darkness. I require the shadow's solace and the black of night  Sunlight is abhorrent to me  I cover myself completely whenever I venture forth in daylight  Sunshine is my destroyer.
Don't please  I'll do what you desire 
Might we watch too.
Pleasure is for those who seize it. Do you think those insipid pale  skinned mortals will ever know such rapture.
East of Mercia.
Flozen foleva not good.
It's terrible.
There's a coil of golden thread fine as spider web yet naught can break it  and a silver key no lock can resist.
Gump is it.
You have me word lad. To answer a faerie riddle deserves as much.
What does she want from me.
Aye. On the morrow we go but tonight .. tonight is for making merry.
Aye. Black Baron's mischief.
Screwball. You dolt. I've a mind to change you into a toad.
Jenny Greenteeth said: Follow the raven in her flight 
Sounds like the bird we want. All right lads follow yon raven.
Ofttimes the wee folk come out to tend the wounded  staunch bleeding with cobwebs  give a parched mouth a sip of dew  cool a fevered brow 
Nay Jack tis not what you're thinking.
Your imagination runs away with you Jack  Those bones be but battlefield gleanings like I mentioned. A wee bit of carrion to frighten off the uninvited.
Dwarves be very sensitive about their feet.
Certainly understandable.
We'll never find the Baron's castle.
I know the rogue Jack. Tis Jimmy Squarefoot.
Don't loose heart  Assemble the archers. Have everyone not holding a shield man a bow. Shoot the damned things as they fly.
Faerie magic's no match for a sorcerer's power  We have Ogg's gifts the key and the   
That's it. The unbreakable line. We'll tie it to an arrow and fire it up into the timbers above the portculis  then I'll climb up and chop down the drawbridge.
That's it.
Aye. Before the wee pesties attacked.
Nay lad we're here to collect a weapon you'll need fighting the Baron.
Sapphire.
He'll not escape me.
I've not heard a note out of you.
Not in the mood I'm afraid.
She lives  isn't that worth singing about.
I was with the Princess.
Go on  go on 
Nay. It was lost. When I came up for air the pond was frozen over.
You're good at riddles  Find the ring and the spell is broken.
I may have said perhaps 
Liar.
Unicorn.
Only were he a fool to boot. See yon viper.
Be patient.
I'm not its master.
Not if you be chaste. Tis an awesome test of virginity.
My own father 
Oh yes and the mare with him.
There's no happier thought under heaven.
What if I answer yes. Will my wish come true.
Whilst you were sleeping I fetched your ring.
We seek the ogre Baron Couer de Noir. He slew a unicorn and plunged the world into eternal winter.
Thought the weather terrible of late.
You'll need the fastest steed alive for Couer de Noir's castle rests at the very edge of the earth. Only the sharpest sword and the golden armor of Achilles will protect you from his fury.
Ask away sweet man.
Twould be to compare one star with another in the summer sky.
I'd be honored.
True north  Straight up that pass through the net.
Small miracles better than no miracles 
Or a kite . We could make a kite  Let the wind do the work   
The Black Baron you say.
What's wrong.
Uh using Josh like that.
He's not gay. I found out purely by accident believe me.
I want you to try something with me okay.
Your dad's really gonna build his house.
You look better without make up.
Come over to my house whenever you want. I'll tell my mom.
He can peddle over anytime he wants to for it.
Okay but then we'll just be friends. Okay.
Just I mean well you're here every single day.
We've known each other since grade school.
It's thirty feet.
When we divorce a decade ago she was very very angry. Now she's just hostile.
Oh okay.
He escaped. He's going back in.
I did warn you.
I don't know.
It'll just be my brother the dweeb on weekends. All we gotta do is sand and paint the cabin dude. My dad's gonna let me use the boat and my charm is gonna let me use my rod. Income village is the place to hook up with hump.
Goodnight.
It'll be fine.
I don't know.
You can't make me do a thing.
The game was to make me smaller than he was. No matter what. He could be almost invisible as a human being but I had to be smaller. So if I got good grades I was a pussy for not playing football. If I cut my hair for him it wasn't short enough. If I shaved it I looked like a psycho. I never won the game. Not once. And if he couldn't make me smaller with words 
I know. Why.
I gave up on you.
Everything would have been better if you had. You'd have liked your grandmother. And there'd be a girl out there that'd have her mother. I remember reading about her in the paper. They couldn't find her father and her mother was dead. I still feel guilty about that.
After everything.
I wanted you here so we could have a few months together. Maybe everything happens for a reason. Something bad to force something good.
I know there's an explanation.
Check the permits. It was built as a guesthouse. It's a legally rentable unit grandfathered when South Laguna was incorporated.
Where is he.
A blueprint spool.
Where will you live.
I want him with me.
But you hated four out of the five you did.
Which.
Do you remember.
I'll find something that won't kill them.
Oh I'm worse. Much much worse.
I'd rather you not be here.
That was the truth.
You bit my finger.
What.
Nothing.
Everything happens for a reason. That's what my dad said.
Is Lois still here. I'm starved.
What.
Good. That was the plan. We couldn't stand him and George needed help.
You can't go because of Sam.
You can't go with me because of Sam.
Sam is working at something for the first time in his life. Once in a while he even talks to me. I want to be around for that.
What are you doing home.
You live a fabulous life Robin.
Either do you.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Enough for drinks popcorn and candy.
Is Mae Rose okay.
What am I gonna do out there Ray. I can't go home to my mama like this. I'll get the strap for sure.
Well you can't stay here Biscuit. This ain't no life for a man. Any one of these fellas would give their right arm to be in your shoes. I sure know I would.
Maybe you didn't notice but this is a prison.
There are ways around that. Right sergeant.
Kid's getting out. I got him a pardon.
Yeah 
You know I'm fixing on retiring at the end of the summer gonna try to enjoy what few years I have left. What do you think of this place. It's one of those new retirement communities down on the Gulf.
Half the men in this prison swear they're innocent. Don't you think that's kinda funny.
He don't sound like he's from 'round here.
Claude. Here's to your new job down at the bank. I always knew you'd make something of yourself.
But I'm having a good time 
I'm Sylvia. What's your name.
Did those two muscle heads shake you down. Swear I've seen them down at the track with Sure shot Riley. That's it ain't it. A gambling debt.
Look man I don't want friendly conversation. I don't want to be your friend. I've seen your friends and I don't like them. I just want to do this thing and get back to New York in time to start my job.
I don't know. Bank teller. Sounds like ladies work to me.
You're talking about giving up baseball to be a bank teller.
Yeah. Who'd he steal it from.
When there is you can forget about it. And I swear to God you ever talk about my daddy again I'm gonna kick your bank telling loan denying ass you got me.
Let me get this straight. We drove all the way down to Klan country 'cause you heard a couple of guys talking.
So you made a generous contribution.
Hell with him then. If he can't share the driving he can't ride in the truck.
Spanky's gonna be pissed. Poor Spanky. Fuck Spanky. What the hell kind of a name is Spanky anyway. You're responsible for this situation. I blame you for everything. If it wasn't for you I'd be home having a hot meal right now.
Wait up there Claude. You give that guy your corn bread and the next thing you know you'll be ironing his shirts and clipping his toenails.
Yeah I know what your saying. And I'm saying if you made it that far they'd be watching every train that pulls out of that station.
What does that mean.
What do I want. What makes you think I want something.
Yeah.
The appeal was denied. Then Daisy went and fell for Maynard. They're engaged to be married can you believe that.
At least you're honest for once. So now you want to be my friend. Well let me tell you something Claude my  shit don't stink Banks. You got a lot to learn about friendship.
You drew this..
How the fuck are we gonna do that Ray..
All right grab the bat. Let's see what you can do.
I'm not in the mood right now Ray.
I don't see you coming up with any plans.
Take that back or we ain't friends no more Claude Banks.
I hope you don't think I owe you anything. Because I don't owe you a damn thing.
We're not talking you're talking and doing too damn much of it if you ask me.
I don't like it I don't like it one bit. We shoulda taken that car when we had the opportunity. We'd be half way to New York by now.
I know. Simultaneously they shake and zip. Claude bends down and picks up a bowl of gumbo placing it on a tray next to an identical one.
An erection huh. Haven't had one of those in a while.
Tell me about it. Scared me at first. Then before I could figure out what to do with it it was gone. Imagine my disappointment.
You're the one who said that boneyard's the only way we're getting out of here. We're gonna join all the rest of 'em soon enough. Jangle Leg Biscuit Goldmouth Poker Face Cookie Radio yes sir pick a plot and start digging 
Shh. Is that so hard to believe.
So.
Well if you must know they could be closer.
State of Mississippi wants this ditch cleared by sundown. You got that..
You heard what the man said. Move it.
He's a good friend of mine. Drops by the club whenever he's in town.
What were they bootleggers.
Nothing to it really. Claude figured they could steal a couple of bodies from the morgue. They got a couple of crackers working there don't know their asses from their elbows. Then they was gonna set fire to the infirmary and make it look like those bodies was them that got stuck inside. Claude figured during the commotion it wouldn't be too hard to slip onto one of the fire trucks and hang tight until it rolled right on out of here in the morning.
Don't say that Rayford. Don't ever say that. He gave up hope. That's where you gotta be different.
I gave you life. And they can't take it away from you. Remember that. You'll get outta here someday. I believe that. You gotta believe it too.
He must still be in there.
I'm going in for him. He'd do the same for me.
I'm sorry I don't keep any liquor in the house.
Shoot him Wilkins.
Comes up the Mississippi. I can get more. A lot more. I was thinking about going into business for myself but under the circumstances I'd be willing to take on a partner.
Alright Ray you've got a deal. Pick your man and get going.
I hear a train coming. Drink.
It's just such a slap in the face.
It's our time brother.
Well we must get people sinning if we want to fill up our New Hell. How are things going down at City Hall.
All right. Let me out.
I'm calling you out brother 
That turn you on there RuPaul.
I also have this odd pain in my mid section. Kind of a hollow feeling 
That pain is hunger.
Come on there's like ten million people in this city and the clock is ticking.
What can I do about it.
But those are my roommate's sodas 
But those are my roommate's sodas  Does that sound like a statement the son of the devil would make.
He superimposed your head onto Scarface.
I was just playing with you.
And I also happen to be a Jets fan.
Are you telling me I have to go to Earth and kill my brothers.
Thanks.
Beast.
Your father wants to see you and your brothers in the throne room.
You're the spawn of Satan. You got it in you.
'Bout time 
Little nervous. Wanna puke.
Can't Beefy use his penis powers to get us out of this.
It's Comptoir Sud Pacific. Makes me feel like a hula girl. Which is kinda what I'm going for. Wanna come in.
If I don't save him I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Well I'm sure a nice southern boy like you will figure something out.
Could I come with you to getting a Gelati.
If you want to.
I have an apartment. I don't remember exactly where. My dog knows though.
Sometimes sure.
Thanks much. You know what's nice about you Valerie.
What was that.
Yes 
Uh don't you want to know what the rent is.
No.
Yeah. The deep South.
I cut up a Sandman yesterday. They said I'd never get him  but I cut him up good I did.
Anything to eat.
You know about Sanctuary. I know you do. You have to help us. You don't have a choice. It isn't your decision.. Tell us.
Up there.
Turn this way. No no  not you  YOU.
Not in my time 
At Carousel tonight.
What are you talking about.. I saw you let a Runner go. I saw you Logan.. Tell me..
And now.
Why is it wrong to run.
You're years away  I don't know why you're thinking of these things much less talking about them. Want to try.
You know.
I let him go  believe me.
Speak to your friends for me Jessica  please 
What do you need.
I wish I knew what you think I know.
I'm only telling you what I've heard  Haven't you ever wondered what your seed mother was Like .
I have.
Will he find us and kill us. Yes  or one of the others. You know there's only one place to go now 
They won't listen.
How will they know we're coming.
They're watching us now. They'll let us in when they're sure.
Ycch. To kill things and then eat them. It must have been a savage world.
How would anyone know. Even if we find it we can never go back.
Things change.
Yes indeed everyone. Actually they all have three. The naming of cats is a difficult matter. It isn't just one of your holiday games. You may think at first I'm mad as a hatter when I tell you a cat must have THREE DIFFERENT NAMES. An ordinary name and a fancy name. That's two. Do you want to guess what the third one is.
Do you want to see Doc.
A Sandman can get as sick of his face as anyone else. Where's the doctor.
Did your Mother or Father ever mention another place.
And all alive you say.
Stay. They lived together all their years.
Yes 
Cheeks. Cheeks. Right. Too much you think.
You okay . What's wrong.
Sure I'm okay.
Anybody else have a key to the house.
Yeah.
Yeah  Laurent.
Ours Ed.
You know what I think.
Okay 
No honey  It was part of the deal.
Dick can't be dead. Who told you he was dead.
Mr. Eddy's called every day  Can I call him to come in.
No.
He's in the infirmary being examined.
Nothing Marsh. Vanished. There's an APB out on him. His photo's been faxed nationwide.
No sir it's not.
Captain  this is some spooky shit we got here.
You say you haven't seen your son since the day before yesterday.
I can't give you anymore. I'll talk to the doctor.
Of course. In fact I'm there right now.
That's absurd.
That's why I married you.
Oh. Oh yeah. No. This is a different one.
But 
Andy's from Utah. He says there you have a choice  You can die by hanging or by firing squad.
I want you to ride with me. Somethin' doesn't sound right.
I can see that.
No thanks Mr. Eddy.
You will.
What.
Okay.
Look  It's late Mr. Eddy  I..
Great question.. In the east  the far east  when a person is sentenced to death  they're sent to a place where they can't escape  never knowing when an executioner will step up behind them and fire a bullet into the back of their head  it could be days  weeks  or even years after the death sentence has been pronounced  This uncertainty adds an exquisite element of torture to the situation don't you think. It's been a pleasure talking to you.
Last time I saw you.
You really don't remember.
I've been here. You were lookin right at me.
I'm a paleontologist.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Sir Henry Derwent was knighted and he never got beyond the mesozoic era.
Okay sister. No offense. No offense.
Why of course. Yes.
And be poisoned out here in the open.
They were in a quandary and—
Plumbing. Everything modern. I'm going to run pipes all through the village—
Please. Please. Do not wait for me. I eat so very little.
It's unbelievable.
Gold. You were going to—
Say you're an American aren't you.
You mean you don't want to go.
Shall we go inside. I should so like to show you some of our rare treasures.
How do you deal with incorrigibles. Criminals.
—buy and sell.
Yes yes. They were very sincere about it too. You see a perfect body in perfect health is the rule here. They've never known anything different. So what was true for them they thought would naturally be true for anyone else living here.
Very often.
Well then he's the man I want to see. Will you come along.
Amazing. She still doesn't look over 20. When is she likely to grow old in appearance.
You get out of here. If any of you men think you can come busting in here 
Now what would you like to do.
Then it's done.
Thank you.
I'll die if I have to stay here another minute. I've waited a long time for this chance to go and you're not going to stop me now. If I have to I'll go alone. It was I who bribed the porters. If it weren't for me you'd never get out.
I knew you'd understand. That's why I came to you for help.
That's what you said.
Well   I mean—
George I've been putting things together. Do you notice the resemblance between those natives and the pilot. And why did those clothes materialize so conveniently when they met us at the plane. Chang himself just said that they never venture beyond that point. What brought them there. Unless it was to meet us.
Shhh.
Porters.
You mustn't. You've got to stay here now.
I will George. I want to tell you. I'll burst with it if I don't. It's weird and fantastical and sometimes unbelievable but so beautiful. Well as you know we were kidnapped and brought here
I think you've been hypnotized by a lot of loose brained fanatics. Why I wouldn't believe it if I heard it in an English monastery. Why should I swallow it here in Tibet. How do you know the things they told you are true. Did they show you any proof.
Why not.
Come on. We're wasting time.
What if he refuses.
A little boy whistling in the dark.. Do you realize that there is a British cruiser waiting at Shanghai smoke pouring out of its funnels tugging at its moorings waiting to take Mr. Conway back to London. Do you know that at this minute there are headlines shrieking all over the world the news that Conway is missing. Does that look like a man whose life is empty.
Then it wouldn't be a garden spot for long.
Please don't go.
I'll make some for you. You will come today.
Perhaps.
All right I'll be there.
It's not even a fucking door.
And if I say yes.
Sorta literally gets ahead of himself.
Actually sir  
INS Washington. Special services.
We wear black.
Right.
Such a shame too. Cause you made such a good impression the first time.
I think you're too used to it. If you ask me you've been doing this job too long.
It's an Edna named after Zed's ex wife. All you do is at the target. The scope matches the image with the image on your retina. The barrel will find the target on its own.
Why did Mikey leave Nazca.
Well  if you think about it then it would mean that maybe everything he's saying is true.
Since as long as we've been keeping records 
You coulda told me what you were doing.
Yeah right. Even I can barely read all my work.
With exclusionary frecto inhibitors.
What are you talking about it's coming. What's coming.
We've got about eight or nine prospects	I want you look  
Scientific American. Really.
Fine. Good.
I need you in Philadelphia. I got a code 90 in a high school.
Keep an eye on things there. We'll see what we can find out at Ernie Goosels.
And I assume you're bringing this to us because we're the most powerful country on the planet 
I can't leave. You said so yourself there is no Minority Report. I don't have an alternative future.
But you still have a choice. The others never had a chance to see their future. You did.
The other two will die without me.
Who wanted her little girl back.
She grew up.
RUN.
You do understand I can't just give you new irises. The scanners will read the scar tissue. Alarms will go off. Large men with guns will appear 
The nation votes this week 
You can let him look around answer his questions but watch him. If there's any problems make sure we know about it first.
I'm fine Lamar.
And who the hell is that.
How could Witwer have accessed the case file.
Everybody runs.
Armor up sick sticks and concussion guns this is gonna be close.
Get him some coffee and tell him to wait outside.
Georgetown.
Yeah. So.
Go back to work. All of you.
Just a nickname.
There hasn't been a murder in six years. There's nothing wrong with the system. It's perfect.
I'll write the paranoia off to the whiff you been doping on all night.
Possession alone will cost you six months not to mention your badge.
It could have been a nightmare  Sometimes they dream about the old murders.
I'm sorry for whatever I'm gonna do. And I swear I didn't do any of the stuff I did.
Tell me how.
Wanna hear something funny.
I feel bad about that. I need you to forgive me.
I know that. I know you would have done anything to find me. I know you would have died for me.
NO.
The precogs were wrong.
Crow. I'm not gonna kill you.
So many of them  despite what we did for them. Or maybe because of what we did to them. It doesn't matter. It's a perfect system now isn't it.
How can you avoid a man you've never met.
Obviously for Precrime to function there can't be any suggestion of fallibility. After all what good is a Justice system that instills doubt. It may be reasonable but it's still doubt.
What safe place is that.
   and then walk out.
It's always in the more gifted of the three.
Not. Now.
I'll be right there.
The Mets. John doesn't think they've got a deep enough pitching roster this year and I'm inclined to agree.
Oh it's all my damn business now Lamar. Investigation of a supervising office for a capital crime falls under federal jurisdiction  so as to rule out any possibility of conspiracy. He's my suspect.
Wait just a second 
Precog Deja Vu 
He can't download her without a lot of technical help.
The man across the street. I've seen him before 
Thank you. He hasn't tried to contact you.
No but then I don't talk to John that much anymore.
Have you been there recently.
I haven't seen him in two years.
But I've seen the three hundred hours of your image he's got stored away.
What do you think. So he can kill whoever he wants to without anyone knowing about it.
But there's still the other two.
Yeah.
Snifter are for warm drinks   
Then put my Martel's in a snifter.
Phone room service mini bar. Any additional expense. If you need anything you can push the button marked 'Concierge' and they'll be able to help you.
Not on me sir.
Manhattan.
What happened. I thought we were playing Truth or Dare.
No more.
Uncle Bobby.
I love you. Come home.
Easy night. Bachelor party. Can we give Wendy a ride.
Oh please.
I just wish he never brought it up. Ricky won't shut up about it.
I want you to quit.
Tell you the truth I don't give a shit for me. But that little girl is so special and you're gonna fuck her up.
What'd you say.
5 5 1.
Yeah sure.
It's bad. Before you even showed up he said you were Maxie's 'token goons' and not to be trusted. He wanted to TCB alone. I was gonna ride shotgun to keep the English dude above board. Now he's spooked. This shit's snowballing.
Yeah. The blaze. I bought her in '66. Hired a trainer stall whatever it was. That horse made me over a hundred grand. In 'sixties' dollars. You know what that is today.
Pshhh 
She was fast huh.
That prick tried to get Jessica to blow him in the bathroom   
Bobby I love Jessica like she's my own daughter. I would kill anyone so much as lays a finger on her or her beautiful daughter but that fucking pisher you socked in the mouth has the most expensive dentist in Beverly Hills and wants I should buy him an implant. Your silverback horseshit's gonna cost me eight grand.
Not driving Jess you won't.
Yeah.
You told him you liked him.
Now that Limey motherfucker's jumpy and wants to change shit around on me. Maxie's gonna shit a Nokia when he hears about  Aw shit I better call him before he hears.
You three are gonna meet him for dinner. Find out if and where. Now any of you motherfuckers got anything else to say.
I'm not sure. All I know is the account is Cardiff Giant.
Taken care of.
Ruiz is always on the list. He just ain't here though.
Don't be shitty.
I wouldn't keep bugging you but you said he said he would have a job for us.
Yeah. Page me. You know the number.
I will.
We don't need guns.
Damn right I have. You think I like living on fucking Yucca. We do a good job on this we're in.
We'll kill Fairfax this year.
It's not even yours.
I promised Chloe we'd come here.
Is that the woman from 
What's the movie.
C'mon man 
Yeah bring up two burgers and a couple of Heinekens. I'm in room  How'd you know. Oh. Yeah. How long. Cool.
Relax. You got one fifty. You heard the guy.
Fine. I'll put it on my room. Okay.
What are you doing.
They didn't say an address.
So they said more than the address.
Oh give me a break. Don't tell me you feel bad for the guy.
You just don't fucking get it do you.
You would think.
Whatever. We're here. We may as well go to the penguin house.
I'm pretty sure we do.
It's gonna be fine.
Don't fuck around. You're gonna get us all killed.
Think about it: You knocked out that Jewish kid's tooth cost him eight grand maybe more. Maybe lost his whole line of clientele. He knows you're fucking up Jess' dancing and I got a feeling he knows I stole his carpet cleaning van by the way he looks at me. He can't kill us in LA cause that leads to too many questions. So he flies us out here first class for a 'drop' that's turned into whatever. He can make us disappear out here real nice 
I'll get you the list of videos if you don't mind I'll offer the other passengers a beverage.
How much is what.
I know what 'strapped' means motherfucker. What the fuck you think this shit is. '21 Jump Street.' Cool out they're coming back. Just throw up your screw face and don't speak unless spoken to.
Dude you just gotta settle your shit down. You gotta go and say all that 'Red Dragon' shit. Make him think he's on Barretta.
Watch it 
Pity. What's say we have a drink.
Does anyone want another.
Brilliantly. Care for a pint.
Motherfucker we're handing you money. What the hell we gonna pull.
Yeah.
You'll love it.
Yeah bring us four fernet.
And the money. Where do we bring the money.
You can carry your keys. You will not mention my name or imply that you are in my employ. You will not speak to anyone while you are working. When you are not working you are considered to be 'on call' and available twenty four hours a day. This means you will not get drunk or do anything that will prevent you from operating in a professional manner. There is already a number in your pager's memory. It is a car service. When they ask you what account you will respond: 'Cardiff Giant.' They will pick you up and take you anywhere you need to go. In other words there is no reason why you should not reach any destination that you will be called upon to reach within fifteen minutes. Do you see a pattern forming.
Yes.
Tell me.
Yeah. That fernet tastes like tar. My grandfather tried to give me that.
Unless spoken to ain't that right Horrace. Didn't you say that.
Red and I ain't no punk.
Just now.
I'll give you back the 600.
That's what it is. Walk on out.
Yeah. I got a couple a new angles ain't been figured yet. All I need's a stake and a chance   
I ain't said I'm ashamed.
Man I don't want to hear all that.
Elijah who.
I ain't never seen a cat like you. Ain't you scared talking like that in front of an ofay.
Tell you this: you ain't no fool.
They sure ain't no black man's books in here.
For evil to bend its knee admit its guilt implore His forgiveness is the hardest thing on earth   
I can't.
I don't know what to say to Allah.
No Brother Minister.
Has the Reverend called. Is he going to show.
I know.
Yes. Did you eat.
Just hold me.
Hush your mouth.
I just want to sit here and be still.
I was going to talk to Bembry about it tonight.
Do you know what Bembry is doing. You're so blind everyone can see this but you 
You've been talking about the disciples. What color were they.
Please go ahead.
Yes sir I did.
'Bout every other night Red.
These are my children. Mine. And they ain't no question. None.
500.
Please make way please   
Let me die then.
What's your story baby.
Well bitch you move too slow.
Shorty this is Laura.
Make it too easy and it ain't no fun.
The hell you are.
Watch your tongue boy.
I was special. The only colored kid in class. I became a sort of mascot. Like a pink poodle.
What do you want.
I guess that makes you the smart one.
How do I contact you. We still don't have the ATM info.
Deal.
[The what.]
[The number you use at the bank machine.]
[We don't know. We never see his face. We have to wait in the other room. He was screaming to the girl that ]
[The ransom money. At the drop. He said Tazinari one of the policemen had taken it. He was crazy.]
[Who ordered it.]
[Listen. I will give you a life for a life.]
Creasy  Where the fuck are you.
How long you staying Crease.
Got no plans Rayburn Nothing on. Just wanted to see you how you were. Came by on impulse.
And what if just say there was a kidnap attempt.
So you'll be the silent type. People will appreciate that.
Oh now you think I can be trusted.
The United States.
I'm a bargain.
Being black is that a positive or negative for a bodyguard in Mexico.
Once I get in the water but not starting off. By the time I catch up it's too late.
Where.
No that was in Columbia.
I guess that really does make me a hard case.
You were never late before I was worried.
I know because I go in your room and check the bottles.
There's no such thing as tough Creasy. Just trained and untrained.
Like St. Jude. A hopeless case that has a complete block about 'C' Minor. But remember Whoever resists authority will bring judgement upon themselves. New Testament Romans 13.
You should know they're tenacious when they want something. And Pinta wants to be friends.
No you're right. You were hired to protect her that's enough. I'm confident you'll do that.
I want you to get into your car now and meet me on the south end of the footbridge between Reforma and the freeway junction. In 45 minutes.
Then don't come.
I know you need to please Lisa. An ass like that is hard to find. Good bodyguards are even harder.
I'm trying mom.
This is Mr. Creasy.
He's like a great big bear. 'Creasy bear' 
Well think about going to sleep. Good night baby.
And bankruptcy. Where will that put me in the social strata.
Our daughter.
She's young. She'll get over it.
I read the file. You and Creasy have been seen quite a bit together.
That's what friends do.
I told you she wasn't attractive 
I don't know Ang'. Wadda you feel like doing.
I'll call her up.
There was one nice looking one there inna black dress and beads but she's dancing now.
I'm gonna take Clara home. It's close to one.
Where you going.
I came to see you. How you feel.
Do you remember Emilio DiGiorgio owned the tavern in Abruzzi.
This is something recent with me this bursting into tears at the least thing.
You're a very nice guy and I don't know why some girl hasn't grabbed you off long ago.
Well I wouldn't call it an elegant profession. It's in a lower social scale. People look down on butchers.
I don't.
Come on inna dining room.
Nothing.
We better get started to your house because the buses only run about one an hour now.
Nothing.
Sure.
I'll see you.
Boy that Mickey Spillane boy he can write.
You're the accountant inna family and I figure you might know about these things. My boss wantsa sell his shop to me. His kids are all married you know and he and his wife live alone and they wanna move out to California where his daughter lives so he wantsa sell his shop. He wants five thousand dollars down although I think I can knock him downa four 
Sure great if you ain't married.
Ma I'm gonna stay home and watch Jackie Gleason.
Sure.
She looks a little old for you. About thirty five forty years old.
She looks thirty five forty. She didn't look Italian to me.
Don't bring her to the house no more.
I don't know. She don't look like Italian to me. Plenny a nice Italian girls around.
I don't know Ma. I'm all knocked out. I think I'll just hang arounna house and watch 
You still owe me ten bucks from last week if that's what you're working up to.
Hey Louise I want you to meet Marty Pilletti. Marty that's Louise Kelly inna back seat there.
Hiya.
That's right Missus Fusari. It was a very nice affair.
No that's my other brother Freddie. My other brother Freddie he's been married four years already. He lives down on Webb Avenue. The one who got married Sunday that was my little brother Nickie.
She's right. She's right. Young husband and wife they should have their own home. And my sister Catherine she's my sister but I gotta admit she's an old goat. And plenty a times in my life I feel like throwing the milk bottle at her myself. And I tell you now as far as I'm concerned if Catherine wantsa come live here with me and Marty it's all right with me.
We gotta ask Marty of course.
On accounta 
Lemme tell it Tommy.
All right Ginnie. I don't wanna talk anymore about it. I don't think I got one hour's sleep the whole night. Last night was the first time in my life I ever heard my mother cry you know that.
Tommy 
You talked to Walt.
Which hospital.
Pretty near. What do you know about the outfit we're going to.
We been had.
Call Dago Red.
An application to Androscoggin College.
I not only say it I'll back it up twenty buck's worth.
I don't think I could hurt one of them with a sledgehammer.
We could steal one of the choppers.
We're a good team.
Well sure if you are Margaret 
But what about Major Houlihan.
We had a team at the 325th Evac last fall. I coached the boys myself.
Beautiful. What do you think. Should we stop and play nine holes now and operate on the kid later. If he's still alive.
Radar.
It was in the cava and the hole sealed itself off. I must have jiggled it just enough to turn it loose. I can't feel it in the heart or the right pulmonary artery. So it's in the left pulmonary artery.
That kind of familiarity is inconsistent with maximum efficiency in a military organization.
Sister if I knew the answer to that I sure as hell wouldn't be here.
And absolutely determined to be faithful to my husband. Do we have that in common Captain.
You'd think now with only six weeks before they ship me back home it would be easier. But it isn't.
A man would be more considerate. He wouldn't come home to his wife a nervous wreck.
I'm too busy actually. Not for the Army of course but where I live. Dr. Yamachi's New Era Pediatric Hospital and Whorehouse. I'm serious. The guy has this crude hospital for kids and a whorehouse on the side to finance it all in the same building.
Big day. Two jaws to rebuild.
Yes that's what I mean.
Dammit Radar wait till I call you. Tell Major Burns 
I out coached that General Hammond.
Yeah.
I been out of action since I got over here five months ago.
Nice.
Oh that's 'cause we both play doohickies. I met him in a box car a couple o' years ago. I was foolin' around with my harmonica and he comes over and joins in. I haven't been able to shake him since.
No.
I don't care what they're forming. I'm on my way and I don't like the idea of being stopped either.
Well you got your circulation. Now why don't you let me alone.
Oh it started as a circulation stunt but it isn't any more. Mr. Norton wants to get back of it and sponsor John Doe Clubs all over the country. He wants to send you on a lecture tour.
Me.
No.
No not that bad. It was a fella that sends you flowers every day. Er what's his name. Mr. Norton's nephew.
Thirty dollars.
Well don't say anything at all. Just sit down.
John. I'm so glad to see you. I—I was terribly worried.
All set Ann.
Here. Wait a minute. Let me comb your hair. Sit down. There. That's better.
Yeah I know. What are you looking for.
The Websters.
Look Mr. Connell I just can't afford to be without work right now not even for a day. I've got a mother and two kid sisters to
The letter from John Doe.
There is no letter.
Sure. When you get hold of a stunt that sells papers you don't drop it like a hot potato. Why this is good for at least a couple of months. You know what I'd do. Between now and let's say Christmas when he's gonna jump I'd run a daily yarn starting with his boyhood his schooling his first job. A wide eyed youngster facing a chaotic world. The problem of the average man of all the John Does in the world.
Sorry.
Packs everything including a gun. Okay sister you've got yourself a deal. Now let's take a look at the candidates. The one we pick has gotta be the typical average man. Typical American that can keep his mouth shut.
Oh swell. Is that the contract.
Sure it's a meal ticket for me. I admit it but it's also a windfall for somebody like Mr. Norton who's trying to crash national politics. That's what you bought the newspaper for isn't it. You wanta reach a lotta people don't you. Well put John Doe on the air and you can reach a hundred and fifty million of 'em. He can say anything he wants and they'll listen to him.
Well nobody asked yuh.
Where is she.
Hey do you know something. She supports a mother and two kids. What do you know about that.
Who.
Th—that's all right. If you didn't call me Sourpuss it wouldn't feel natural. There are snickers from the background.
Well anyway I—I guess nearly everybody in the neighborhood came except the DeLaneys. The Delaneys live in a big house with an iron fence around it and they always keep their blinds drawn and we always figured that he was just an old miser that sat back counting his money so why bother about inviting him. Until Grimes the milkman spoke up and he said Say you've got the Delaneys all wrong. And then he tells us about how they cancelled their milk last week and how when he found a note in the bottle he got kinda curious like and he sorta peeked in under the blinds and found the house empty. If you ask me he says they're starving.
You ain't gonna get me to stay here.
You betcha.
Yeah. It certainly is.
You're all wet. Miss Mitchell writes those speeches and nobody can make her write that kind of stuff.
Okay Beany bring 'em in one at a time. Wipe to: Montage: Half a dozen different types of hoboes appear—and in each instance ANN shakes her head negatively.
That's a lie. Listen—don't believe what he says
That's got nothing to do with it.
Did you want to see her about something important.
That's too bad.
You're my hero.
Phoney Frank. Don't waste your time. He'd tell you his granny was in on the Kennedy assassination if he could dodge a collar.
I still gotta do it. Wasting time is half my job.
Of course.
Leave town. They're going to know me in fucking Des Moines now . They got over ten million in jewels in that place. That's freedom man. I could go anywhere I want.
You're gettin' the car.
 get 'em he's going to start shooting hostages in five minutes 
Roper we're into it 
Is that all.
How do you feel after a shooting.
I know.
I'm not sure.
You have to. It's a tradition.
No. Actually I think it's fucking crazy I don't know if I could do it.
You could say something like Tell me what the scumbag's name is. Maybe we can work something out.
What. Bring somebody in so he can cut his nuts off.
Thou shall not kill  You've killed right.
So why would you hesitate to lie to save lives.
I do.
You want to bet on whether you won your bet. This is getting sick.
Then we better get moving  But there's no way we can get the jewels out of evidence.
He was going nuts at the park. He met this very attractive poodle. They made plans to meet again next weekend.
It's very nice.
I think I'll stand out here in the sun.
Do it.
Whoa. Wait a minute Ronnie. Hold on. I know it's beautiful here. The sun the sand the sea and all that nature shit can really get to you. But we've got to keep our perspective here. This place isn't real. This isn't reality.
First you want me to put on one of those skinny ass bathing suits tongs or thongs or whatever you call them with my butt cheeks wrapped around a piece of dental floss  No way.
Kimura and Glass will head the investigation.
Yeah they are but 
I have found in life that what one wants isn't nearly as important as what one needs.
Why   
In here I am.
Not real.
Of course they are. Christoph was stealing every piece of code he could get his hands on.
You've got the keys send someone in   
What.
The Terrace. First building Christoph ever programmed for us.
Not his style.
To hide the evidence.
Try harder.
Come on Tanner think this through.
Yes.
Yes.
What's the difference.
Try me.
Activated.
Resurrection.
Access established.
IMPACT IN EIGHT SECONDS.
  Perhaps there is a way  I have heard tales of another power.
It will not harm you.
  We must try to communicate with them.
I ain't no fuckin' kike.
You've got the public upset Al.
But ya got a Boss.
Charlie Luciano.
Poor yeah.
The commission don't decide how I spend my honeymoon.
Not another word.
Why should I be.
And now you have everything.
He was around 
It consoles the bereaved family ta see the perpetrator take his load of juice. We try to oblige.
He's hidin'. Word's out Tommy Reina's goin' over ta Maranzano.
Get word to Maranzano. I want a meet. Alone. On neutral turf.
Mr. Costello handles our business with the government agencies.
No. I'm here with you.
I'm already late.
Ya never tell a guy about a broad.
You must be feeling better if you're looking for sex again.
It'll all be over tomorrow. No more wars. No more killin'. Just livin' normal like everybody else. You'll be stuck with me for good.
I do this for you and you'll leave me and my guys alone. Be the fuckin' Boss of all the other Bosses but we are gonna be our own Bosses.
As long as ya got one top Boss somebody else's always gonna be looking to knock him off. And that's war on top of war.
We'll make 'em and we'll enforce 'em. All of us. Together. We all get one vote. Includin' me.
I don't care what anybody calls me Joe. Long as it ain't to dirty. And if you fellas get together every year and say Charlie we still want you to run things for us I ain't gonna insult ya by sayin' no.
Guess I'm not a single type guy.
I'm gettin' married in six weeks. I'll already be in Atlantic City which is probably the best place to do it anyway.
The fat man's scared. Scared of us and scared without us. Same with Maranzano. We gotta get their minds back on each other. This fuckin' peace is killin' us.
We can get the war started tomorrow but it won't be pretty.
It's just that Maranzano's the only bastard I ever heard brag about gettin' audited by the IRS. He came out clean so he thinks his shit don't stink.
Come on. Tell us Shitface.
Yeah. And no more Tommy Reina.
I got a place for you. In my family  or in the cemetery.
He's trying to make it.
That little party's gonna make you a lotta money.
You got no fuckin' choice. You might be able to stay alive but you're never gonna win the war from these fuckin' rat holes.
A mother fuckin' peace conference.
I don't fuck my partners.
Salvatore. Always holding himself above.
Masseria's been after me too.
You think this is a coincidence. Next week half your customers will be buying their Scotch our Scotch from Maranzano. In a month he'll be in Scotland talking to my distillers because you can't move product. I'll be out of business and you'll be working for Maranzano.
That's just what I'm sick of. Everybody lookin' ta knock somebody off. Greedy for what you got. A bunch of fuckin' hogs at the trough.
Spare us.
Luciano is dead.
What's it worth to ya Boss.
Just wanted ta say hello.
Oh poor Buster. He hasn't been fed in a day and a half. Let me get some food 
Stu. That was right about the time we met.
Yo Jumbo. We got us some kind of <u>ventriloquist</u> here.
Three months Bull. Three months tonight. Three months since the accident   and I'm no closer to going home than I was then.
I'm a simple man. I'm just doing my job. I <u>enjoy</u> my job. Why does everyone want to make it difficult for me. Stealing tickets switching bodies it is <u>so</u> <u>irresponsible</u>.
I dress up when I want to make an impression.   So how'd it go.
I want him to have every chance Doctor. We can certainly give it three months.
I get it. We could give the public the impression that we were doing something  charitable. Brilliant..
Julie and I   we were just gonna go 
Tell me what.
Oh yeah. Mr. By the book Stick Up the Ass My  Way or the Highway Death. Believe me   over the course of eternity you get pretty damned tired of <u>that</u> schtick. <i></i> So I need a job. He sticks me in this broke down amusement park with a buncha animals to run it. I'm supposed to be <u>grateful</u>.
Monkeybone ..
<i></i> In what way.
It is new. Why wouldn't it be new.
The ring 
Please Julie. This is not easy for me. Our father took a <u>long</u> time to die. A long time. It just about killed us all. And Stu and I made a pact that when our time came   we wouldn't let it drag out.
It's too soon even to   <u>talk</u> about that.
You're the only true hearted man I ever met. You find a way back to that girl of yours and make her happy.
How am I gonna get past the guards.
It's just now that I'm leaving I feel like there's lots of things I haven't said. Who's gonna look out for you. Are you gonna be okay when I'm gone.
We like to think so yeah.
I was seeing Aaron and there were some.. complications.
Oh it's so nice to meet you.
You wouldn't be in the way. I like having you around.
What does he do.
Are you sure you got my bag in.
Calendar for the day. You'll find the Senate Manual in the drawer. Anything else you want just snap for a page.
Look out for those fellows  they tell the truth about you  sometimes. That corner over there is reserved for guides and sightseers who come in for five minutes to rest their feet. That section over there is reserved for Senator's friends. The front row  the empty one  is for the President and White House guests   see that old couple over there   they've attended every session for the last twenty years. Over the clock back here is the Diplomatic section. They and the page boys are the only real class we have in this place. The rest are mostly people who come here like they go to the zoo  
Those busts up there  all around the wall  who are they sonny.
Swell. Thanks very much. Good luck Senator. Keep your left up.
No.
I give that Trail Blazer five more minutes to show up  *five more minutes*.
What do I play.
Diz  Don Quixote with bill is going to get to his feet in a minute and speak two important words  *Willet Creek*. When that happens  if my hunch is right  the Silver Knight will fall off his tightrope and Puss will jump out of his boots.
I've wondered Diz  maybe this Don Quixote's got the jump on all of us. I've wondered  maybe it's a curse to go through life wised up like you and me  
Shut up Diz.
Do you know how I felt Diz.
*I'm* just waiting for a street car  
Have *you*.
No. I can't think of anything more sappy.)
What.
I'm getting out of there. Right now Diz. Right now. Bonus or no bonus. I'm gonna clear outa that office   everything I own  my extra hat   everything  
Why me.
We're waiting Hubert.
Good. Are the newspaper men at the hotel.
Your name's spreading like wild fire out here  you are the winterbook favorite to get on the National ticket.
Aw  
  And it is in my power to confer a very signal honor upon you. In my official capacity therefore I  
Emma.
Well it sort of got to be  from Jeff just pullin' splinters and things  
Uh  could  could I help 
When Jeff gets through with Taylor   Quiet. What do you mean by breaking in here  Get out. Get *out* of here.
What. Who.
H'ya Senator. I  I've sorta been looking for you  
For one week.
Jefferson  
Pleased to meet you sir.
Did you say  bus.
Most natural thing in the world.
Convene.
Convene  that's it  yes. I got to pick up some of those parliamentary words. I imagine a fellow can get pretty lost in the Senate without 'em  
With or without 'em. Twelve  noon. The Senate convenes at twelve o'clock.
Fine. Now what does he do. He's got to sit down first and write it up. The where when why how  and everything else. That takes time  
Oh but this one is so simple.
Oh yes. And *I'm* helping. Simple   and I'm helping. So we knock this off in record breaking time of  let's say three or four days  
Why.
Yes. They give it to a *sub*  committee where they really give it a going over  hold hearings  call in people and ask questions  then report back to the bigger committee  where it's considered some more changed amended or whatever. Days are going by Senator. Days  weeks. Finally they think it's quite a Bill. It goes over to the House of Representatives for debate and a vote. *But* it's got to wait its turn on the calendar  
A committee of the majority party leaders. They decide when a Bill is important enough to be moved up toward the head of the list  
Now let's get down to particulars. How big is this thing. Where is it to be. How many boys will it take care of. If they're going to buy it   how do they make their contributions. Your Bill has to have all that in it  
Now this camp is going to be out in your state of course  
It hasn't been easy has it.
No. Gosh. I better get moving here Miss Saunders   Everybody else calls you just plain Saunders. Why can't I.
I know. It's  Violet.
Susan. Susan Paine  that's beautiful  
You couldn't. You've never been out there you said.
Nothing. I just wondered. No *reason* to take it up with him.   about a quarter of a mile on either side of Willet Creek  
The letters. Gosh  no. I couldn't talk letters. I've gotta scratch 'em out. And say  I'm going to tell Ma all about you. If I tell it right   the first thing you know you're going to get the best jar of preserves you ever tasted.
Don't mention it  
Get your hat Senator. We've got a lot to do between now and tomorrow  
Saunders  
But  I've done everything I  
We'll *find* one. Only throw compromise out of the window  stick to Jeff Smith the man who first came to this town  get up and *fight*   and we'll find *some* way. I don't know where we'll wind up  but the flag'll be flying 
Well  for a couple of years now  I   I've thought it would be a wonderful thing to have a National Boys' Camp out in our State  
Senator you can talk all you want to now.
The Senator will please suspend until order is restored in the chamber.
Oh  you're *sure* of that now.
That's dynamite Joe.
Tomorrow. Joe  he'll hear the section on Willet Dam. He can't be there.
Oh now  that won't do  
What are you driving at. You want *me* to get him to sign that.
All right  *yes*. And what does that make me to him. *Nothing*. I've got to go about my own business  and forget it.
I thought I could too. *My* business  this fine future. I have no future I *care* about if this boy is broken. I  I can't sleep. The only important thing in my life now is to save what I can for him. I want him to get a start again  I'll see that he's taken care of as long as he lives  Saunders  whether you ever mean anything to him or not  
That'd be a crime  after all this work  getting it buried in this Deficiency Bill as nice as you please   approved  all ready to roll  
What. Not Ol' Honest Abe.
Senator Paine.
I present the credentials of Honorable Jefferson Smith who has just been appointed Senator by the Governor of my state.
He sure is.
No no children.
Are they true.
Oh did I. I'm sorry
Mmm it tastes so good. Mr. Deeds I don't know how I can ever thank you.
Tell me more about yourself.
What did they say.
That's what I like about you. You think about a man's feelings. I'd like to go down to that newspaper and punch the fellow in the nose that's writing that stuff—
Me. Oh I see a small Ohio farm boy becoming a great soldier. I see thousands of marching men. I see General Lee with a broken heart surrendering and I can see the beginning of a new nation like Abraham Lincoln said. And I can see that Ohio boy being inaugurated as President— Things like that can only happen in a country like America.
You said I was a lady in distress.
What did he play.
Yes. I can do Swanee River. Would you like to hear me.
Don't be ridiculous.
You started out to be a successful newspaper woman didn't you.
Can I have a month's vacation.
Uh huh.
Marvelous. At two o'clock this morning Mr. Deeds tied up traffic while he fed a bagful of doughnuts to a horse. When asked why he was doing it he replied: 'I just wanted to see how many doughnuts this horse would eat before he'd ask for a cup of coffee.' Beautiful. What happened after that.
Oh no. No. Our deal was for a month's vacation   with pay.
Proposed to you. You mean he asked you to marry him.
Tell him you're Babe Bennett. Tell him you've been making a stooge out of him.
Telling him is the long shot   I'm going to take it.
Will you stop worrying. It was I who got old man Semple to turn everything over to us wasn't it. And who got the Power of Attorney from him All right and I'll get it again. I'll take it easy. Those books'll never leave this office.
Yes sir.
Is that the best you've got.
I wanna see that guy.
We'll send for the police.
I'll do no such thing. I'm going there myself. You're going with me too Anderson   and you too Cobb.
They keep insisting they should have some nuisance value.
Wants to know who the heir is.
You can't.
Okay.
He was. Gee that's too bad. If there's anything I can do to—
When.
Oh yes there've been a lot of them around here already. Strangest kind of people. Salesmen   politicians   moochers   all want something. I haven't had a minute to myself. Haven't seen Grant's Tomb yet.
Huh.
Oh yes. Yes I will.
Yes of course if you wish. But you must be prepared. This sort of thing will be daily routine. If it becomes annoying you let me know. Goodbye Mr. Deeds. Goodbye sir.
No I'm his housekeeper.
He and Jim Mason own the Tallow Works. But that's not where he makes his money. He makes most of it from his poetry.
Yes indeed. I wonder why he left me all that money. I don't need it.
Nah.
Sounds like a two weeks' notice to me.
Fine. Send it right away. I don't want him to fire Arthur.
Only common sense.
If they're going to poke fun at me I'm going to—
That's my job. I'll take care of that. I'll keep that stuff out of the papers   if you'll help me. But I can't do anything if you go around talking to people. Will you promise me to be careful from now on.
It isn't. What is it conducted for.
Uh huh.
No I mean   about my client.
Oh   we'll have to do something about the common wife.
Why you must drink. All poets drink.
Oh the poet. Where.
Fine fine. Swell You just showed me a sight lovely to behold and I'd like to reciprocate. Listen you hop aboard my magic carpet— —thanks   and I'll show you sights that you've never seen before.
Of course they're going to stay. She's got some fresh orange layer cake. You know with the thick stuff on the top. Sure they don't want to go to the hotel.
Yes ma'am.
South Dakota   north.
Yeah. What.
Get up from there. I don't want anybody holding the ends of my pants. Get up from there.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to make sure.
What's that.
Oh I do too sir.
You try it.
Me sir.
No. What do you want..
How did they threaten you.
Could you come with me please.
That's it syndrome. So you know all about it.
Mr. Follett do you trust me or don't you.
   I find it degrading. Maximum gynecology and minimum turn on   
Me too Doc. And I can't tell you what that package meant to me   
No thanks. Plenty of time for that when we're a little further along.
I'd better get in there.
My patient had to leave early.
What do you want to know.
Shocking. Did you know the government is wasteful. You heard it here first. Oh and being a supermodel  it's no walk in the park.
Okay.
Here it is some advice do the hard thing.
Thanks for your help Lionel.
Can I ask you something. Didn't you tell my dad you didn't think it was a good idea to come to the patient. So what changed.
She's not in a bad mood. She's like that all the time. It doesn't bother me anymore. It's my dad and my brother I worry about.
Something's bothering her.
I've offended you.
I'm thinking a gal could make a good living doing this. How hard could it be squeezing out some fourteen year old.
Therapy. Hell no I just don't want to do it alone.
You're shockingly honest that's what makes you great. I've never had a man treat me this way. With you I feel really  listened to. Can I tell you something. It's a little embarrassing but I feel very unguarded with you.
How intuitive. That must take years of training right there. Maybe you can guess what has upset me.
I don't follow you.
I know a little about psychology. I took three different courses in college. It's true none of them were above the two hundred level but I took them  And there was one concept I remember very well.
Transference.
I think you can understand why I have some serious questions about your methods. I mean obviously it becomes much more likely that I'm going to have confusion about this when your idea of treatment is to go walking in the woods and up to make  outs ville and do all these highly romantic activities   
Part of it. We were watching ER until someone called.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you  but I'm not sure you feel the same way.
Will you wait for me.
It's a really weird thing for a shrink to say  and then you said maybe people'd be happier if they'd accept that some things don't change that it'd be some kind of a relief or something 
If you don't want to have a session today it's okay.
Panda. I've always liked giant pandas  I've been to China and seen them in the wild. That's the kind of thing I can do if I want  now. I can do pretty much anything I want to do these days.
I'm impressed. I couldn't make three million dollars if I lived three lifetimes.
Doc. I know we're not supposed to get together till Wednesday 
It matters to me.
All new people start with that 
I'm honored.
It's not going to be me. I'm giving it up.
It's all your fault. In the last 48 hours I've completely lost interest.
Lily ..Skip that's great. You and Lily.
Oh she doesn't know about it yet. Right now of the two of us I'm the only one in love. But I'm very stoked.
When.
Are we talkin about the same creature. The walking corpse. Really big mouth. Really bad breath.
They are evil cursed they matter not.
And how does one do that.
Even.
Just looking for you O'Connell. I wanted to be with my friend.
What friend. You're my only friend.
What are you looking for. Lie and I'll slit your throat.
All I remember is him turning into a blast of sand  and then I remember nothing.
And burn the map and retrieve the key.
Water turning to blood.
Who cares. I don't see no treasure.
Because that's where I found it. I was there.
You swear.
Every damn day.
The last time I was at that place everybody I was with died.
Preparation for what.
Salt acid. Pressurized salt acid. Some sort of ancient booby trap.
Okay I get your father I get your mother and I get your brother but what are you doing here.
Yes I know and I'd like to keep them.
All we know is that the city mysteriously vanished around 2134 B.C.
I was mistaken.
That just makes you more gullible.
What's it look like..
And it stinks to high heaven in here.
If he decides to wake up hell yes.
The guy. The Priest. THE MUMMY.
And then he'll be coming after Evy.
I'm with you old man. No one touches my sister like that and gets away with it.
Um hmm.
He was cute though.
You know Mr. F me and the boys always loved workin' for you. You had such style: the clothes the dancin' the elegant way you'd snuff a babe. You were the King 
You're dead.
I thought you'd chickened out on me.
Remember the cat.
Being a superhero wanting to save the world. It's so  unselfish.
I just know.
Like what. Cutting off my own ear.
See ya tomorrow.
He hasn't stolen it yet.
He's a legendary masked Mexican crime fighting superwrestler and master of the machete.
It's a fine thing to establish policies but when they don't work they must be reconsidered. Granted that you have hurt England but she is still on her feet. And to seal off her trade with Europe what has it cost you. You have had to rule with an iron hand. You have turned friends into enemies. And even at that the result has only been partly effective. You have never been able to stop the extensive cheating smuggling and corruption even of your own officials. But I should think the situation in Spain alone would give your policy a minus balance. You have had to commit a quarter of a million of your best troops against the guerrillas with no victory in sight. And you have given England a dangerous foothold on the Continent for her armies.
Well one thing immediately comes to mind if what you are saying is true he would merely withdraw his army from Moscow and return to Poland for the winter.
Perhaps it would be even more serious than that Your Majesty. His European confederation is held together by some very slender threads. Your Majesty knows even better than I that Austria and Prussia are very doubtful allies and the Emperor has reason enough to fear that they will turn on him at the first sign of weakness.
If I can presume to go into the Emperor's mind I believe that he has based his entire campaign strategy on obtaining a peace treaty after the fall of Moscow. When Vienna fell there was a peace treaty. When Berlin fell another treaty. That has always been the rules of the game. But what is he to do now if no treaty is forth  coming. He knows that beyond Moscow there is nothing and that if he withdraws there remains only a fall into emptiness.
I personally am convinced that he will withdraw his army from Moscow and attempt to establish himself in Poland for the winter. In the end he will not allow himself to be cut off from Paris. But I believe that if he is offered any encouragement by Your Majesty he will postpone this decision as long as possible. He is a gambler and he will trust to his luck.
Ah you approve.
I know absolutely nothing of war and I am still totally dependent upon my generals.
I'm sorry I was at the theater and I didn't receive your note until I returned to my hotel.
What do you have in mind.
I don't even know whether a defense is possible.
There are none here.
Is this enough to oppose 40000 men.
Properly arranged yes.
Are you proposing to transfer command to me.
Fair enough.
A treaty. Don't be ridiculous. What treaty is this. Who made it. Who has been giving orders.
Who sent my wife and son out of Paris.
Ah my poor Josephine. She was the most alluring most glamorous creature I have ever known a woman in every sense of the word and she had the kindest heart in the world. She may have been a liar and a spendthrift but she had something that was irresistible she was a women to her very fingertips  How impossible it is to believe that she is dead.
No sire  I was asleep.
Was it he who assigned you to command the escort which accompanied Madame Bonaparte's coach.
Did any difficulties of any kind arise during the trip.
A glass of champagne please.
I haven't been back for ten years. Is your family still there.
No they're living in Nice now.
His paws are frozen and he cannot walk.
I told Mortier that he would answer with his life for any looting.
Indeed you have Ambassador. Have you sent for a doctor.
That is correct.
A sword is a weapon whatever else you might wish to use it for.
Well then you have a lot of initiative my young friend.
Ah well that is the first rule of warfare. You must wear long sleeved and long legged underwear. You can never conjure up brilliancies with a cold bottom.
Yes I am sir.
Well it must be a good deal warmer than it is here on the street.
Lisette La Croix.
Yes we introduced ourselves at the door.
May I offer you a drink.
Oh it's not the slightest inconvenience General Bonaparte. It is an honor to have you here.
Oh you must forgive me General Bonaparte I'm afraid you will think me incredibly stupid but I know absolutely nothing about this. Eugene is so independent he hardly tells me anything any more and he has so many things in his room I must confess I wasn't even aware that he had this sword you know how boys can be.
Were they pretty.
Were any of them prettier than I am.
One had better legs.
I will be there in five minutes. Go back to your guests.
You wrote it.
You couldn't face telling me what.
Can you give me a drink please.
Those are extremely harsh terms.
Sire you have only enemies in the court of St. Petersburg and I fear outside your influence Alexander will have another look at what he has agreed to.
No Monsieur Varlac my warrant is only for you. Now will you please come down at once. You will be taken back to Chalon for trial.
If you see that boy again bite off his ear off like Mike Tyson.
Alright I'll remember that.
You paid cash.
Yup.
I don't know  I think he went out the back.
Black magic.
Man after taxes lawyer fees and paying off my daddy's bad credit we didn't end up with a million. We bought this house and I spent the rest on this. It's the bomb huh.
That's the sister.
Yeah ya'll got a notice today. It came certified mail.
I don't know. Did ya'll forget to pay it or something.
Day Day if you don't hop that fence I'mma throw you over.
Why didn't she put'em out.
Okay.
Delinquent Property Tax Notice  I hope the Cracker Killers pay well 'cause if not back to the ghetto you go. Wife stays here of course.
I fell in some mud. Now hurry up.
Smokin' what.
Peace out Craig.
Let it go Roach trust me.
I'm not letting nothing go. They killed my board.
Ya'll live around here.
20 minutes.
Yeah 20 minutes. Trust me. I've been pepper sprayed nine times. 20 minutes.
I don't know the number.
What's he doing here.
Nothing. I broke a lamp.
The Bonaventure. The Bonaventure Hotel. Do you know where that is.
That's right.
No.
Who did.
What the hell are you saying.
I'd like to know what 
You wouldn't 
Good.
Yes you will Mr. Watson.
Keep your voice down.
That's not my problem Mr. Watson
That's right. That gives you 
Let me talk to her again.
No way.
Let' s do it.
I said I have to do something.
Irene is going to help.
I don't think so.
Everybody does.
Laughs.
My daddy is going to be a hero. Like Power Rangers.
I've done much better ones than this.
You have huh.
You're a big girl huh.
Why.
Yeah.
You' oughta learn to relax. I told you I've got it under control.
What about them.
You're wasting time.
Just put her on.
Listen to me John.
You understand.
Not even her.
 and I won't never tell about the money.
And I won't never tell about the money.
When'll Dad's skiff be ready.
Well goodnight boy. Come again any time.
You have all sinned.
Yes. Yes. Hallelujah.
How's your own boy Miz Cooper.
A man of the Cloth.
He's Satan hiding behind the Cross.
It's awful soon after Ben's passing.
Mister Powell.
When Mr. Powell's our Daddy then I can tell him about   
To see Dad.
Hurt her nothin'. Wash her's more like it. Ruby.
Is that all.
Married. We have decided to go to Sistersville tomorrow and when we come back   
   and when we come back we'll all be friends and share our fortunes together John.
Now it's your turn.
Tst tst. Then I reckon I'll have to try again. Where's the money hid.
All right.
No.
Can I have this.
Ahh.
I reckon it's been ordained this way Brother Spoon.
Didn't didn't she leave no word.
A scrawl. On a piece of notepaper on the bureau.
I think it's time we got one thing perfectly clear Willa. Marriage to me represents a blending of two spirits in the sight of Heaven.
She took them kids with her.
Pearl and John.
What.
I sure as hell hope so.
Please Nancy. Trust us.
Since the murder. She was fine before that.
Not to worry. No signs of pathology in Nancy's EEG or pulse rate. I'd guess what we've got is a normal young girl who just happens to have gone through two days of hell.
Shut up and let me in. You ever stand on a rose trellis in your bare feet.
One two Freddie's coming for you. No. Rod killed Tina. He's a fruitcake and you know it.
Uh oh 
And if you can't do that you sleep.
Good then you won't mind cold cocking this guy when I bring him out.
You're a jock. You must have a baseball bat or something. Come to my window at midnight. And meanwhile 
Nan I   
I'd've canned your ass if you hadn't. What you got.
Just sleep now Mom.
How the fuck do I know. I don't expect you to believe me.
Because somebody cut her. While I watched.
No more fights.
Bring me forty five back.
No the opera starts an hour later tonight on account of the parade.
I know  my heart is sad  but my feet are happy. When all the tanks and guns were roaring over the Red Square I sat here all by myself and played a Beethoven sonata. Not bad at all. Are you expecting someone.
Ever since you have been back from Paris 
You know how it is today  all you have to do is wear a pair of silk stockings and they suspect you of counter revolution.
What is it Anna.
I don't want to go to Siberia.
All right let's uphold it for another ten minutes.
Or we can't go back to Russia.
I know but if we can't put in all these wonderful things at least let's put in some imagination. In that one omelet we'll taste the whole of Paris.
We like you Leon don't we like Leon.
No that's bad management.
Which part of the room is mine.
Don't worry  there will be enough.
Friends  friends Buljanoff Iranoff 
Blue. Let's offset his mood. Find a striped one and brighten it with a great blaze of tie.
If you will forgive me ever since you met that Bolshevik lady I've noticed a distinct change in you sir.
Decidedly. Yesterday I was greatly amazed when I came from the market and found that you had made your bed sir.
Are they indeed. Thank you.
It is only a small table but it will be no trouble to put in some extra chairs.
Thank you for a wonderful dinner.
 the Russia of piroshki  people will eat and love it.
But how will she look. The fashions this spring are very becoming to her. Gentlemen the judge will be French the jury will be French everybody in that courtroom will be French. Have you ever seen a French court when a beautiful woman sits on the witness stand and lifts her skirt a little. You sit down and pull up your pants and where will it get you.
I just said let's have a little lunch. Room service.
Comrade.
Look for yourselves.
Monsieur.
Yes monsieur.
Right away  instantly.
Even the swallows are back.
Why should an aristocrat want to go to Russia.
You believe in our cause.
Why should I take a chance.
How many minutes between the first and second whistle.
No.
How long does it take a man to land.
I am interested only in the shortest distance between these two points. Must you flirt.
A Russian. I love Russians. Comrade  I have been fascinated by your Five  Year Plan for the past fifteen years.
Your type will soon be extinct.
Keeping my body fit keeping my mind alert keeping my landlord appeased. That's a full time job.
Look at me. The whites of your eyes are clear. Your cornea is excellent.
You're the most improbable creature I've ever met in my life Ninotchka Ninotchka 
Poor Ninotchka. Poor poor Ninotchka.
Then do it through my lawyer.
I always eat here.
Oh Ninotchka who wants to talk business. If you win the suit fine. If we win the suit better. You do me an injustice. When we went to my apartment did I have the slightest idea that you had any connection with this deal.
Because we are an odd couple.
No I can't leave you. I won't. Not yet. Not until I've made you laugh  at least once.
Well er  let's drop it. I don't think you would care for that one.
I have never heard one.
Yes.
Yes.
Darling darling  please.
I must talk to my brothers.
Czar Peter gave it to his wife Catherine the Great. For it he sold ten thousand serfs in the market.
I give them back to the people  I make you Ninotchka the Great  Duchess of the People . Grand Duchess of the People.
The one I got they wouldn't let me read. It began Ninotchka my darling and ended Yours Leon.
We can forget horse racing roulette the stock market  our worries are over. You remember that platinum watch with the diamond numbers. You will be in a position to give it to me.
Oh yes.
No.
Not in your condition. Make it tepid Gaston  tepid and tender. And lay out his gray suit. Afterwards I'll drive you through the Bois. Slowly  in Waltz time.
This time Swana just this once I must ask you to listen.
I know you hate the obvious but do you mind if at this moment I'm not in the least subtle.
I'm afraid that's what it is.
It is unfortunate that you have so few more days in Paris. Be sure and redouble your efforts so that madame can take some pleasant memories when she returns to Moscow. Good night. Good night Leon.
If you were encouraged to come here by our meeting last night I am afraid you misunderstood my attitude.
Don't worry. I have already made reservations. It's perfect flying weather. They assure me there's a fine tail wind which will sweep you back to Moscow in no time.
I told you we had plenty to talk about. Shall we sit down.
Unfortunately.
Does this include the products of the Far Eastern provinces.
May I ask why.
Eight blocks down in the Rue de Poivrel.
No madame something of the utmost importance  it concerns your jewels.
My jewels..
Where the hell is he.
We could get a million dollars. We could get it in cash. I know where it could be gotten.
Sir I still don't think uh we can contain it anymore. There's a cancer on the presidency. And it's growing. With every day that..
John you don't want to start down that road. I remember what Whittaker Chambers told me back in '48 and he was a man who suffered greatly he said On the road of the informer it's always night. This is beyond you or even me. It's the country John. It's the presidency.
The President would like to know if that was the last payment.
Anyway they had to take her to Bellevue. Maybe she'll stay this time.
He's wrong you know about Kennedy LBJ Truman.
Yeah.
Mitchell.
No. Magruder. That sonofabitch tests my Quaker patience to the breaking point.
I don't know if I'd go that far sir.
Why not.
I will not go down as the first American president to lose a war. Going into Cambodia bombing Hanoi bombing Laos it buys us time so we can get out and give the South Vietnamese a fighting chance.
I thought the gloves were off.
  go on.
Damn right. And there's still a helluva lotta people out there who wanna believe.. That's the point isn't it. They wanna believe in the President.
He's completely lost touch with reality.
I had no knowledge of the cover up until John Dean told me about it on March twenty first. And I did not intend that payment to Hunt or anyone else be made..
It's the Supreme Court sir; you don't get around it.
That was civil war.
It's gone. No one will ever find out what's on it.
Their fourth.
He's treading water. Don't mention Khrushchev.
Chile Congo Guatemala Cuba. Wherever's there's a need for an Executive Action capability there's a Track 2. In Cuba Track 1 was the Bay of Pigs invasion. Track 2.. it was our idea. We felt the invasion wouldn't work unless we got rid of Castro. So we asked ourselves who else wants Castro dead. The Mafia the money people.  So we put together Track 2..
Yeah we've got to get our vice president off the golf course and back there on the college circuit. That's top priority.
  The Beast. A nineteen year old kid. She understands the nature of the Beast. She called it a wild animal.
  but even the presidency isn't enough anymore..
  beating out the other papers chasing girls..
He'll be looking in his toilet bowl every time he pulls the chain.
It's Helms it's got to be.
For God's sake when does this end..
No..
You're not gonna quit on me are you Harold.
Yes.. It involves some old and forgotten papers. Things I signed as Vice President. I want the originals in my office and I don't want copies anywhere else.
Yes..
It's between Nixon and a Kennedy again Edgar.. Who do you want.
I know you've been very careful not to. That's why I'm concerned.
He's turned into a drug fiend he shot people from helicopters in Vietnam he has sexual relations with his wife in front of their children. He sees a shrink in L.A. He's all fucked up. Now he's trying to be a hero to the liberals.. If he gets away with it everybody will follow his lead. He must be stopped at all costs.
  and what do we get for it. Gobs and gobs of bullshit gossip nothing. Someone is leaking. We've got to stop the leaks Henry at any cost do you hear me. Then we can go for the big play China Russia.
Jews and Negros don't win elections Henry. Better to hang them around the Democrats' necks.
All kinds of shit would come out. Like the Ellsberg thing. You knew about that Henry didn't you.
I.. I heard something.. It sounded idiotic.
Idiotic. Yes I suppose it was.
Not at all. This is not going to leak is it.
Don't be too proud; never be too proud to go on your knees before God.
Of course.
That was Mr. Kennedy.
Looks can be deceiving..
Mr. Chairman there is an old saying: The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
We're gonna get rid of him Allende I mean just as fast as we can. He's on the top of the list.
Goes to show you all the moolah in the world can't buy you a brain.
You're the one who should be in politics John. You're tougher than I am. You never crack.
Don't worry I'll use the old Nixon charm on her.
How do you know that John. Did we try. Are we just giving up like the rest of 'em. What's Hoover found for God's sake.
You all know me. I'm one of you I grew up a stone's throw from here on a little lemon ranch in Yorba Linda..
Mr. Nixon.
The Orangemen. Now there's a football program. Jim Brown. And that other tailback.. The one with the blood disease..
Yeah.. Guy Lombardo..
I know. I know. I've seen a lot of kids die too in World War II.
Then what's the point. What's the point of being president. You're powerless.
Sir.
So I'm supposed to be..
You're not a failure Dick.
Amen to that.
I'll concede in the morning.
Not that. Us.
I want a divorce.
If I stop.. there'll be no more talk of divorce.
You don't have to go.
No. It's his way. He hates me. Him and Teddy. They always hated me.
I need you out there. It won't be like last time. The war's crippled the Democrats. I can win.. We deserve it. Yeah it's ours Buddy at last. Nobody knows better than you. Frank Nixon's boy.
Then what are you scared of honey.
They're all your enemies.
Brezhnev's coming in three days. I don't want to deal with them. And him. And you.
Well enough. You're looking happy Nelson.
Let's wait and see how you survive your first crisis Rocky..
Some say you are Rocky.
Didn't know there was any.
'Predate it.
In Angola. Yeah.
Nineteen zero and nine.
Not hardly nothin' in her room. And that establishment was no stickler on registration. Well 
Couple hundred on his person. Those hombres would've taken the stash.
It's all the goddamned money Ed Tom. The money and the drugs. It's just goddamned beyond everything. What is it mean. What is it leading to.
If you'd a told me twenty years ago I'd see children walkin' the streets of our Texas towns with green hair and bones in their noses I just flat out wouldn't of believed you.
Try old on for size.
He's real all right.
I don't know. My mind wanders.
It could be.
That's very linear Sheriff.
Yessir. But then there's this other. He nods up the ridge away from the highway.
Uh huh.
Gun out and up.
Are you telling me he shot this boy in the head and then went fishin' around in there with a pocket knife.
No that's the only thing I would've looked for. And it sounds like these boys died of natural causes.
What do you think.
I don't know. Had dreams.
That'll work.
Why would we go to Odessa.
Well how come.
She is just gonna cuss you up'n down.
Well I'd say he's at work. Do you want to leave a message.
I can't say.
Well where ya goin'.
Just lightin' out for the territories huh. Brother I been there  Well 
All right.
It doesn't make any difference where she is.
I see.
You've lived here all your life.
The most. You ever lost. On a coin toss.
Yes you did. You been putting it up your whole life. You just didn't know it. You know what date is on this coin.
Never mind. I want a tent.
No I want to keep my room and get another one.
You can have the one next to yours if you want. One twenty. It ain't took.
It's called a transponder.
I know what it is. He won't find me again.
Took me about three hours.
I been immobile.
No. You don't understand.
I don't mean braze.
What product.
No I don't have it.
 I meant your food.
And you should keep your nose out of another man's omelette  It's no big deal Betty.
Who eats eggs for lunch anyhow.
Bad idea 
You just go write your little story Roy. I'll handle the police work 
I spoke to Betty Sizemore yesterday. That's right. There's no doubt in my mind folks  she's on the run. Whether or not she's mixed up in all this remains to be seen 
We think we know where Betty is.
Tell him what you told me.
No I was just  How you doing.
I dunno. Job satisfaction I guess  How's things at the Tip Top.
Drugs. God no. I'm totally against drugs.
 to see you.
Sure. You could probably have any thing you wanted  somebody as beautiful and stylish as yourself and you don't even realize it.
Well thirty three but I'm not counting Del on account of you  so what do you think. You probably feel I'm flattering myself to see us together.
Wait Betty  you still haven't answered me.
Sorry hon. Happy Birthday 
But I'm the one who's sorry. Letting you go was the biggest mistake of my life. We were thirteen days away from getting married and  I just got scared. It's a mistake I've had to live with for six years. But it's behind me now  And I hope you can put it behind you. I've missed you  David.
The day I left you I just drove and drove. I drove all day and all that night and I didn't go anywhere. I just kept driving. I stopped at a little country church and the pastor let me in and I sat   
You knew Del..
I just want everything to be perfect between us.
At last. I know how much you want this. You're gifted and extremely determined but  it's not up to me.
I know. It's up to us.
Ad lib.
Who put you up to this. Did my ex  wife ask you to .
Why are you screaming at me. I mean what am I  why am I here. I don't 
Whoa whoa whoa. Hang on a second there baby. Why do you need one of the new Buicks.
I told you. Sue Ann was gonna take me out tonight but 
All right then. Actually I'm glad you're going out. I got something going on tonight. Some serious clients with real potential.
Or the vitamins. Or the .
Oh I know. So who're these clients.
That is a skill.
That's right. So if you know it why are you in trouble.
Oh nothing it's fine. I just need to keep it wrapped for a few 
Oh that  Sure I saw the whole thing. It was disgusting.
Ahh look right now's not very 
I should call you Dorothy. When I left here I went straight to Italy. Everybody told me not to go. But I wanted to go to Rome ever since I saw Audrey Hepburn in Roman Holiday and goddamnit I went.
Sure I loved it. It was great.
Wait I thought you said you'd never been outta Kansas 
To tell you the truth I can't believe I've made it this far. It may not be Europe but I just know there's something special out there for me 
I married a car salesman.
So why'd you come to L.A..
'David.' That's your guy. So you staying with him.
God that's awful.
What. Where was he..
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Oh God. You scared me. Yes 
Was it a huge place. With a view of the whole world.
Okay okay look ummm  Let's just talk a little first and you'll feel better I promise.
I don't think so. Rosa I didn't kill Del  they did.
Good.
You know it's interesting. The South lost the Civil War but they still seem to get all the glory.
Even Robert E. Lee was a loser.
Really. And where was that old man.
You don't exactly look like drug dealers.
You told me how to do it.
I had to shoot him. It was the only decent thing to do.
Well why'd you have to tell that Indian story.
What the hell does that mean. If I'd told a Ty Cobb story would you have clubbed him to death with a bat.
 that's a good motto.
You think so. Joyce says she's timid.
Joyce was screwing Del.
I'd say that about torches her credibility wouldn't you.
A 'Finn.' What is a Finn.
So what the fuck's a Finn.
Oh for Chrissakes. It just means the kind of person who can eat shit for a long time without complaining then cut their momma's throat and go dancing the same night.
And then we're gonna do her right here. Right.
Well I should be in FLORIDA now. If Carl hadn't gone in to get those stones removed you wouldn't be here and I'd be on my way to the Keys. On my boat RELAXING WITH A GLASS OF PORT.. Re ti red.
We don't have time to look at a hole in the ground. We can make Vegas in four hours. This one's got to be her.
Fuck the profile. That's the same guy..
 yeah I got it. Come on you're stretching out my vest 
What do you mean.
Mrs. Blaine. I can tell you right now without a doubt that your granddaughter is alive and did not kill Del Sizemore.
I don't think she can do it. You saw what happened.
That's not a bad idea. How many episodes before he comes back.
Then do as you're told. Get her back.
Yeah. The sport utility.
Oh there's no tellin' what that girl could've accomplished and she never had it easy. Never really had a childhood  caring for her father going to school.
I wish I could help you but I can't.
No. Well her grandparents are down in Oklahoma but that's it 
Mr. Campbell.
Sales Mr. McGill sales. And what do I sell. The Truth. Ever' blessed word of it from Genesee on down to Revelations. That's right the word of God which let me add there is damn good money in during these days of woe and want. Folks're lookin' for answers and Big Dan Teague sells the only book that's got 'em. What do you do   you and your tongue tied friend.
No doubt brother   I figured as much back there in the restaurant. That's why I invited you out here for this advanced tutorial.
Well that was our mistake then. And then we was beat up by a bible salesman and banished from Woolworth's. I don't know if it's the one branch or all of 'em.
Oh my God.
Oh Lord yes any parish'r precinct; I was makin' the larger point.
Wipin' little circles with his bread 
I ain't worn it since our divorce came through. It must still be in the rolltop in the old cabin. Never thought I'd need it; Vernon bought one encrusted with jewels.
It's just a symbol honey  
That's one of Aunt Hurlene's.
You  
Or in my chiffonier. I don't know.
Uh huh.
A 9000 hectacre lake honey.
The hell you say. Wash is kin.
Pete the personal rancor reflected in that remark I don't intend to dignify with comment but I would like to address your general attitude of hopeless negativism. Consider the lilies a the goddamn field or hell.  take a look at Delmar here as your paradigm a hope.
Aw that's all right.
It just never fails; once again you two hayseeds are showin' how much you want for innalect. There's a perfectly scientific explanation for what just happened  
Okay sir but Mert and Aloysius'll have to scratch Xes   only four of us can write.
But Pappy they's inter grated.
He's a suitor.
You got to kid. Let me spell it out for you. This is a whorehouse. And I happen to like my life the way it is and nobody's gonna make me change.
Stop calling me 'sir. I ain't no officer. My name is Byron.
Zack you little shit. You haven't changed a bit.
Great ass.
She said you told her in every letter how much you loved her how you wanted to marry her have children with her 
Naw. That's over with.
The whole world's a jungle huh Mayo. Dog eat dog down to the last one right.
Just trying to have fun. That fucking prison is really starting to get to me. C'mon Seeger. Gimme a push. Fuck you guys. I'll do it myself.
When did this happen.
I don't mean anything by it.
Sir this candidate believes he'll make a good officer sir.
Pity you don't have the character.
Mayo you didn't hear me I said I I'm busy. And so are you. Go get cleaned up.
Yeah. See you in the fleet Sarge. And thank you.
What did you call me boy.
I didn't call you anything before that.
Yes sir.
Louder.
Yes sir..
Yes sir.
Do you honestly think you'll find a boy in that  that officer's school who's serious about marriage.
Is your brother a flyer.
Yeah.
I sure remember Tommy. Mind if we talked about something else.
Ashamed. No I love you Lynette. I mean that. After I leave them I'll meet you at the motel okay.
If you won't take me to dinner with your parents I won't meet you at the motel.
I'm a little late that's all.
What difference does it make. If anything was to happen which I'm sure it isn't it would be my responsibility.
Forget that. Come on. Got a little surprise 
I can't go like this. Can't you wait a few minutes 'til I'm ready.
Yeah I saw 'em. Poor guys.
See you in a month when you get liberty.
Details Pokrif. From what I saw he had an incredible body.
Really. I've never been out of Washington except once when I visited this aunt of mine over to Portland. I mean over at Portland. Ain't it pathetic the way folks talk around here.
My kinda group.
I'm starving.
I don't want to move. But somebody has to move sometime. Eventually.
They found them like that shriveled up from weeks without food or water 
No it's okay. It was a great free meal. Everybody was so uptight I felt sorry for you.
That's okay. I'm used to it.
For a start I wouldn't marry a man I wasn't in love with.
I'm not playing any games. Go look at Lynette's.
He said it's up to us and I got here first didn't I.
Foley's not poor. Buddy of mine in oh four told me he's the son of a rich doctor down in Louisiana.
Naw.
No problem but who's Susan.
She said it was up to me. If I don't she'll go off and have the baby on her own somewhere.
It's mine.
I don't get it. He's the best candidate in our class. Ask anyone. The best student. The best leader. The best friend to everybody. Couldn't you bend your goddamn standards just a little.
Zack it wasn't him. He didn't ask me to D.O.R. I came to him on my own. I'm glad it's over Zack. I really mean that. He was right. I wasn't doing this for me.
I don't want Raoul to administrate that part.
That's their problem.
You're here with me you're already on the hook for one. Buy one you get the rest for the same price. You know that.
Keep your voice down.
They're not supposed to be here.
This was your department Junior.
I don't get it.
Stop calling it the property you sound ridiculous.
Don't.
If you think I'm gonna let my half of the fourteen million bucks slip away because of   
Could you slow down a little. Or we could wait for the car 
Well I know that now.
Don't.
What..
Feel okay.
Huh uh.
They're coming in here aren't they.
Not an option.
Hey quit apologizing you're starting to sound like Grandma. You're not gonna have an attack. Okay.
Oh shit Alma  you're 
I have confirmed to you my address that's all I'm required to by law to do. We have broken no law.
Sure those boojie jokers don't do anything except print up a lotta paper saying Black is Beautiful.
Spontaneous my ass.. You told the press and you don't tell me. Remember you're working for us.
What's with you.
Do you know how easy it would be for you to just disappear. Shit you wouldn't even wash up for weeks. Do you fucking understand. I want you to move your ass outta neutral. I want a bunch of Panthers served up on a fucking plate. I want you to set 'em up  armed robbery..
Brimmer you're fucked up 
Man  fuck you. Why you always bustin' my balls. All that high and mighty militant shit. I ain't doing nothing.
Yeah only I figure you'd be the one doing the speaking.
That would be an excellent start. Tell him to keep a low profile.
Are you finished.
You talk as if this thing's already been decided.
No you wait a second. You and your Panthers got three choices. One you join with us and follow our rules. Two you change your name. Or three you face annihilation.
I'm down.
I do. You think you're smart enough to keep playing the game.
Chickenshits they're grabbing at anything.
You got to keep very cool on this. Icy god damn cool. Cause baby you just became the strongest weapon we got. Let me guess he wants you to call him tell him what we're doing.
Me too. That's why I fight so hard.
Just a kid.
S'alright. I'm sorry too. Shit I gotta take a leak  Pull over at that gas station.
Mothafucker. You just set Bobby Seale up to be kidnapped. They dragged him off to some bullshit conspiracy trial in Chicago. How much the pigs pay you for this one Judge.
The pigs are gonna start flooding us with dope. Huey wants us to stop them.
No man No.. Tyrone listen  we got to move man they got a warehouse 
Yeah  Look man what I gotta say. It's just you me and the rats right. Alright  well  Sabu's back.
Motherfuck  well then I got something to do.
Judge man. Watch yourself. Sabu's got juice now.
It's a start.
Not many. Dalton Scott they've got their reasons; Rev. Oliver he believes in the cause; some of the young bucks; a few like me with nothing to lose  What about you. You've got a lot to lose.
Of course I do.
Lovely.
First Virginia Regulars under Colonel Hamilton.
Who cared for your wounds.
Let us. Unless you object I would like to deem this meeting a formal negotiation and as such there are certain customary practices. Perhaps I could explain them to you 
I'm familiar with how a formal negotiation is handled.
Apology accepted. Now on the matter of the specific targeting of officers during engagements this is absolutely unacceptable.
That is a separate issue.
I consider them linked.
They refused to give me their names. Their ranks are nine lieutenants five captains three majors and one fat colonel who called me a cheeky fellow. Their posts. We picked them up here and there last night.
The middle colonies.
Anything about the convention in Philadelphia.
When I have children I hope I don't hide behind them.
We put out the word. We'll start along the south side of the Santee 
And the dogs too I'll wager.
We're low on salt. I should go to Pembroke and get some.
Full sentences. As if she had been speaking all along.
Where.
You know what happened.
You don't hate him.
I stand corrected.
Fall six months at the earliest.
Four thousand infantry and around six hundred cavalry .. including the Green Dragoons under Tarleton.
I'm sorry I didn't know.
For trying to impose some decency on that sort.
About a hundred and twenty. Less than a third.
I lost another a year ago Thomas. He was only fifteen.
No he won't. There are two things you need to know about Cornwallis. First he is a very proud man He would rather risk defeat than share a victory. If you give him what he thinks is an out he'll take it.
But father they might come this way.
Well it still says some animal got laid down here after don't it.
Yes  
He's a ghost. But he's a good ghost.
I'm sure you're not.
Then why do I have to go to bed.
Same here. Come over and visit when you get the chance.
Don't bother. I'm coming home.
Well maybe I 
Not at all.
I like rock and roll. No I guess that's too mild. I love it. Since my ears started to die out on me it's the only music I can really hear. And since my wife died I dunno some  times a little rock and roll fills up night. Not always but sometimes. One more time  welcome to Ludlow. Hope your time here will be a happy one.
You'll see before long. Let's go.
Whose burying ground.
Don't worry about that.
Wendigo.
What.
Shit. Look at this mess.
Ayuh  it's a mess all right.
Timmy Baterman. That was wrong.
Yes  I know. This path Louis. Where does it go.
It's beautiful.
I thought maybe you did. I know you don't approve of the subject being raised  
Not by me it isn't. I know how badly I acted how unfair I was. It's just that I..you know.
Say the name or I slit your throat.
You give me the Pearl. Then I tell you who you need.
I'm supposed to.. trust you.
Bosun. Set up Mr. Sparrow's quarters nice and fine.. in the brig. Meaning no disrespect of course.
That's fair.
All right then.
And how does a maid come to own a trinket such as that. A family heirloom perhaps.
Would that I could.
Think again Miss Swann. Vile and dissolute creatures the lot of them. I intend to see to it that any man who sails under a pirate flag or wears a pirate brand gets what he deserves: a short drop and a sudden stop.
Very good.
I am to understand that you will accept my marriage proposal on the condition I rescue Mr. Turner.
Parlay. I invoke the right of parlay. According to the Code of the Brethern set down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew you must take me to your Captain.
So that's it. That's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow. You spent three days on the beach drinking rum.
You're right. Here's luck to you Will Turner.
Not when you can drink instead at least.
What. What was that. Something funny Miss Swann. Share please.
Oh no.. it's silly. Back in England we didn't know a thing about pirates really. They seemed so romantic and daring   
Now I must hear this song. An authentic pirate song. Have at it.
Yes the rum is gone.
These men will be facing an enemy that seemingly cannot be killed.
Jack it's a fool's errand: You've heard the tales they tell about the Pearl.
Where does it make berth.
Commandeer. We're going to commandeer a ship. Nautical term.
Is that so.
My father did not think of my mother his family as a burden.
Are you sure. Jack this is not something you have to do.
The Black Pearl is a real ship.
Where did he come from.
An explosion in the powder magazine. Merchant vessels run heavily armed.
But   
Speak.
To be brutally honest with you Susan as long as the nanobot does to me what it did to that idiot O'Brien I don't give a rat's ass about what happens after that.
Do you know what I see. I see man making his own clouds. I see man coloring his own sky and like this garden it is a site that makes my heart sing.
You egomaniacs make me laugh. Nature's going to bury you like she buries everyone else.
She says it's not.
Don't be a child Icarus. She is just another scientist and like all scientists she doesn't care about anything outside the world of the laboratory.
I promise my dear I will give the matter some consideration.
Not that.
That might work.
In the meantime why don't you find something useful for Dr. Bright to do.
I like Trix.
Why don't you just shove it up your ass. Haw haw.
I'm not sure. That's the funny thing about him. He's the kind of guy that you never know what he wants or what he might do to get it.
Yeah. But it wasn't a group. It was one man.
That's the guy.
Smell. Uh something like methylcyanoacrylate.
Sorry Daniel I'm a physicist not a psychiatrist.
Mostly caffeine diuretics. Help you go to the bathroom.
The nanobot is still inside you. It's programmed to exit through the urinary tract. We need it as soon as possible so swallow those.
If you don't want to do it this way I can remove it surgically.
What waste.
Isn't it already too late then.
Means. Oh no. We won't know what it means until the end of the story and maybe then it won't seem quite as funny to you Doctor Frankenstein.
The nanobot  it's not here 
It's still inside me.
Something else I want to try.
I was hoping you were over that. Remember to keep drinking fluids.
The head shrinker at the prison.
Argon's private lab.
You don't have to say anything Daniel. I'm a scientist. I know what's happening. I recognize the classic symptoms. Dizziness shortness of breath sweating palms  I can feel my adrenals secreting my parasympathetic nervous system quivering the estradiol coursing through my entire body 
Do you suppose that was our problem. We met before our time. I think that happens a lot. People events planets all just circling each other waiting for that moment when everything clicks into place.
I get it. You're the goon fetch boy. The zookeeper Argon calls in when one of his guinea pigs gets loose.
Can I help you Mrs. Argon.
Get him Daniel. Knock his block off.
To make a gentleman out of a tramp.
Thank you. I'll go and look for her at once. Goodbye Mrs. Smith.
I don't mind her if you don't.
You're all right.
You may go Smythe.
Well I tell you yesterday when I was here I had one of your books in my hand and when I got outside I realized I still had your book in my hand. So as long as I had your book in my hand I thought I might as well take it home and read it. This morning I got up and put your book in my hand and here's your book in your hand.
That's because you're too far away Stew.
I'm glad.
You wear them of course silly.
I know that.
You did. That's a lot of hooey. I'll go and apologize.
I'll tell you what let's do   I'll take you and introduce you to all my gang. Would you like that.
I don't mean the newspaper fellows that you don't like. Another gang I know   you'd love them. They're writers and musicians and artists   a great crowd of people   people who do great things. People who are worthwhile.
Good morning. What does this mean.
Your house.
O o oh I get you— All right. All right. I don't blame you. I kinda forgot myself for a moment there. That's what I call getting me told isn't it Anne.
You can't walk out of here like this.
Pardon me Mr. Smith is engaged. We are having a reception here this evening—
Oh a party. Great great. Jolly times and merry pranks. That's me. I'm a guy who loves parties. You know—
You're the Tribune man.
Huh.
But right now I'm acting in the capacity of Mrs. Schuyler's attorney.
Why sure. It's a lotta hooey.
Couldn't make the last edition. It'd take me four hours to translate your story into English.
A photograph. What's the matter. Hasn't mama had you done in oils yet. Just A Gigolo 
Yeah   go on.
Sure sure. That's all right. That was a great story Bingy. A great story   wish I'd printed it.
You're always picking on me. It took me three hours to get those little gadgets in those holes and you screw it up in a minute. Hey look.
Siberian bloodhound. No. That's been all rewritten. It's laid in Araby now.
You're my what.
Miss Schuyler   I mean Mrs. Smith   she engaged me this morning sir.
You newspaper people have a lot of fun with him don't you. What is it you call him   the Cinderella Man.
Who   Anne. Sure Anne would love that.
No I have no idea   unless some of the silver ware is missing.
I sort of invited him along to bend an elbow. You don't mind do you.
Oh so you did give her ten thousand dollars eh. and there are letters 
I beg your pardon.
Smythe. Well well well. With a Y huh. Congratulations. What a small world. Brothers under livery. Shake. Now as a Smith to a Smythe—
Now the lady said you may go—
No sir.
Hmmm you just putter. Do you have to have a putter to putter.
Oh no sir. I putter with me hands.
Well isn't that nice. You just go right ahead and putter with your hands. That's all right. How do you do it.
Oh no sir. Some people are natural putterers. Others can never master it.
Yes.
It doesn't matter.
I love you too.
I've got to go..
I was in a bowling alley.
Well gee whizz Biff. I sure am glad you asked me.
Oh yeah.. Gorgeous.
You want to ask her out tonight right. And then you want to give her your school pin..
Lucky guess. Look Biff.. I don't think it's a real good time for that right now..
Changes. And it's not just the fire or big stuff like that. It's little things. Did you hear about Bill Miller.
No. Of course not.
Good. Do you further admit that this unnatural depiction occurred in full public view where it was accessible to and in plain sight of minor children.
Well I never had to do it before.
Well great. The Pleasantville Marathon starts at six thirty.
YOU get lost.
Neither do I.
All that animal fat. I feel it in my pores or something.
We don't have a choice Jen. We're stuck until he comes back.
I looked in the library. They got covers with nothing inside them.
I like  really need a cigarette too.
I'll get us out of here. I really will. But if we don't play along we could alter their whole existence. We may never get home.
So what's the big deal. Oh. Okay. They're like not good at basketball anymore. Like  omigod what a tragedy.
Well if I don't who will.
It's okay.
Not directly anyhow..
Seemed kinda sexy. Look. I read 35 pages.
That's great.
Oh I don't know. Maybe . it's not just the sex..
Right here.
No. You baked them for Whitey.
Easy. Mr. Jenkins. What JOB did Mr. Jenkins have.
Marmalade.
Right. And how did she dress him.
  Like Prince Charming.
Where are you going..
  Only if they mean it.
No you're not.
Because you're coming home.
Well usually I put out the burger and then you finish with the lettuce..
Yes.
Why.
  What's that.
No that's not it.
Just a little  You know.
I have a few people here I can't really chat right now.
Ok bye bye.
So it's ok if I bring her.
I'm trying to be your friend.
   but since you're not going I guess none of this matters and I'll bring her anyway.
Well I'm glad you didn't thank you.
OH MY GOD. Look at that.
I have no idea.
Yes.
Yeah. So what are you doing then.
 just talking to you .
No.
Really.
Does Jack like to Jack Off.
You sound very cute very nice.
Georgia.
Yes.
This is really weird and really embarrassing for me but .uh . I was wondering if you could help me out with a little bit of money.
Really. Please.
I thought you had your own business. You said you were gonna diversify and all that stuff .
 .what ..
I didn't lie.
This is .illegal .I'll call the police.
No you won't.
Are you telling me no.
I don't know.
I thought they opened at seven. If I left my car would it be ok.
Yes I do.
Do you have brothers or sisters.
That must be nice. That must be really really really great.
   I'm probably not gonna go though.
Alright.
Did you really come to meet me on purpose or are you lying about that.
 .I'm sorry .I lost my thoughts what I was saying .
Yeah.
Nothing.
What.
Yes no not really.
Thank you.
HI. WHERE ARE YOU. ARE YOU HERE.
OH WOW. YEAH. THAT'S GREAT. YOU CAME YOU CAME. What are you doing.
Well let's do something do you want to do something can you meet me.
No. What do you mean. BARRY I just wanted to know. When was the last time you had a boyfriend.
Can I come home with you when we get there.
If you wanted to call me back I could 
Ok bye bye.
Just have you for one second please.
On my knife.
That's fine.
 ..Well yes I do . But one more thing I wanted to tell you guys about the new plungers is that we're making the handles now in a non breakable material called ..
I don't have anyone to talk to things about and I understand it's confidential with a doctor   I'm embarrassed about that and I don't want my sisters to know.
Fine thank you.
No no no no nO NO NO.
What happened.
I need to talk to you for a second.
What.
Wait a minute   
Alright alright.
Well .what do you want then.
What are you doing.
Yes I am.
What time are you gonna be there.
Ok. What should I do about Eric.
I'm afraid that our endowment has shrivelled to a mere pittance; we're the laughing stock of all France. But on a happier note   
My years tending the lepers at St. Emilion steeled me for life's grisliest offerings Doctor.
At your service Count.
 a poker  he took a poker from the fire 
Yes Abbe.
Is that a promise you can truly keep.
It's true dear heart you've spoiled me pink.
And such puny scope. Nothing but the very worst in man's nature.
It's a fiction not a moral treatise.
If you won't be true to your word then you've left me no choice.
   and your meat shall be de boned.
Its horrors perhaps. Its darkest nightmares. And to what end. Nothing but your own morbid gratification   
   that was lust   
IT'S NOT YOUR PROVINCE TO ASK.
I'll need an office on the grounds; someplace to store my things.
I've taken vows to live my life within these walls; not outside them.
Abbe I admire you; I do. You've a conviction  an idealism  peculiar to the very young. And so I'll be candid. The Ministry has sent me here with the most explicit  the most severe instructions.
And place my reputation at stake.
How is the patient faring.
Well worth the dig.
It's because of the Marquis isn't it.
Most assuredly.
You're far crueler than I my sweet.
Don't be fooled Madeleine. He fears for himself. He's like a man starving and you ha. you're like a pork chop dolloped with heavy cream   
   whose cell lies next to the linen cabinet. There armed with a quill of my own I'll commit it to paper.
Desperation has driven me past etiquette all the way to frenzy.
But you've a pension haven't you from the sale of his books.
Of course.
Am I a cursed woman Doctor. Must I be betrayed by every man I meet   
How was I to tell you. By writing a letter. WITH WHAT MY ASININE BRIDE.
Very much.
We've known each other too long Orson. Sling the bullshit elsewhere.
Mr. Welles certainly is a caution
Intimately. For every sin you have placed on my head I could give you a hundred others. I have been swimming in blood my entire life. But I retain a belief perhaps you will think it old fashioned undoubtedly you will but I believe that private lives should not be public property.
So where does that leave us Mr. Welles. What kind of sad future are we two making. A future where men will do anything to sell their newspapers and their movies. A future where no price is too high for fame and power. When we will all scratch each other to pieces just to be heard.
Bel Air is restricted.
Nuts. She only cares about the money. She thinks I'll make you cut her out of the w w w w  will.
A million dollars a year on art and st st statues and there's nothing to explain..
There is nothing to discuss 
You don't need it. That's the problem you always think you need everything  
The drinking.
I pay you a good deal of money to be my eyes and ears in Hollywood do I not. If you cannot provide this simple service you are of no use to me.
Good. Retain that feeling. Let it nourish you from this day forth. It shall nourish us both
What we are going to do is shoot life in all it's joyous complexity.
We're using 
Nix sweetie. You shelve it
You are talking to him.
Who the hell wants to see life.. People are sick to death of life. They want make believe pal. Fantasy. They want Tarzan and Jane not Tristan and Isolde.
I know who we're going to get I The great American biography. A journey into the soul of the beast.
Don't do this
I can't do it. okay.. I drink too much I drink all the fucking time and I don't have it anymore. All that is over for me  
He loves in his own way. On his conditions. Because those are the only conditions he has ever known.
The people. When they pay him homage he adores them. But when they have the.. audacity to question him. To doubt him. To embarrass him. Then he despises them.
Fuck you. You wanted me out. I'm out.
I'm sorry.
No she's not. Don't you get it ya lunk. She's using code language to the studio bosses. Bedraggled foreigners and swarthy refugees who the hell do you think she's talking about.
This ain't George's doing 
Aw cheer up George'll probably be running Fox by the morning. Let's get a drink.
Yeah you're probably right.
And they went to the stockholders in New York.
Again
Listen get off your horse with me. You know I've stuck by you since the beginning of time it seems like while the stockholders in New York were ready to cut and run and everyone else in Hollywood was set to toss me in a rubber room. But your contract stipulates a max budget of 500 thousand. This one's gonna come in at 750 thousand. What do we do about that.
You don't think I've tried. No one is willing to open the picture
No we're jake. But listen 
Look Joey I wanna tell you something. Your brother ain't gonna get nowhere without us nowhere. And I'm tellin' you between the two of us it's gettin' to the point where it's gettin' to be a real embarrassment to me a real embarrassment.
You were great Jake. Just like old times. Good thing Sugar Ray wasn't here tonight. Oh Jake this is State's Attorney Bronson and his wife.
Yeah   
Cause I'll go right over there and bring her here.
How do you know. You know her that good.
Nah not now all those hard ons around. I'll wait. Not now.
Give me a chance. Let me look.
I'm the only guy ever to beat Sugar Ray and I still don't have a shot at the title.
You want the title shot.
C'mon Joey.
What the fuck they want. I took the dive. They want me to fall down too. I don't fall down for nobody. I never went down in my life. Joey what do I gotta do. Crawl on my hands and knees. I made an asshole of myself in the fuckin' Garden. All the newspaper writers make fun of me. I'm the bum of the year. All I want is a shot. Just a fuckin' shot. What do I gotta do. I'll do anything.
What do you mean you.
So what.
Eh Joey even you don't know what you meant. You mentioned Salvy Tommy Como you that means somethin'. Why'd you say them. You coulda said anybody.
What.
Jake did I ever make you look bad before.
It means I'm through with boxing. I'm tired with tryin' to make the weight anymore. I'm sick of thinkin' about weight weight weight.
How many pounds I gotta lose.
Can you see it.
Oh Jake.
No I'm not. I'm looking at you.
You don't kiss like that. Hello and goodbye that's all you do.
I went to the movies.
Father of the Bride.
Did you ever go to the Copa when I was away.
With Salvy eh.
You're a fuckin' liar.
What do I say to him. Call him up on the phone and say Joey I'm sorry about that little trouble we had. How about havin' dinner. Is that what I say.
No. Open the door.
This Janiro's a good fighter pretty good lookin' kid.
I'm not doing anything wrong. I'm just trying to have a good time. Do I have to be cooped up in the house all the time.
And you're drinking with them right now.
Does he have your number Mr. Jefferies.
Jefferies.
That's what they call a family problem.
I think they missed their chance with her.
Six ayem.
What's the matter. Does he have a courtesy card from the police department.
Now don't get me mad. Even a detective can't walk in anybody's apartment and search it. If I were ever caught in there I'd lose my badge inside of ten minutes.
How did we ever stand each other in that same plane for three years.
Mrs. Thorwald.
Everything he owns is laid out on the bedroom ready for packing.
I told you that   
You're too valuable to the magazine for us to play around with. I'll send Morgan or Lambert.
So did you. Goodbye Jeff.
Listen if you don't pull me out of this swamp of boredom I'll do something drastic.
Next time have some good news.
It's me.
Who are you.
I'll give you a chance to find out. Meet me in the bar at the Brevoort and do it right away.
Tell her to bring it back.
It crashed didn't it.
You must be kidding. A beautiful young woman and you a reasonably healthy specimen of manhood.
Her father loading up the shotgun.
Ask for trouble and you get it. Why there's a good boy in my neighborhood who went with a nice girl across the street for three years. Then he refused to marry her. Why. Because she only scored sixty one on a Look Magazine marriage quiz.
That's fine Stella. Now would you make me a sandwich.
Isn't he a salesman.
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run.
Huh.
What.
I got twenty or so in my purse. Give me what you've got.
Who's Thorwald.
Mmmm hurts a little.
Not too active.
Only because it's expected of her.
That dress should be listed on the stock exchange.
She's not in love with him or any of them.
I mean what I said.
Nothing thank heaven.
I don't know what you consider it but if you don't stop it I'm getting out of here.
There is I've seen things through that window. Bickering family fights mysterious trips at night knives saws rope and since last evening not a sight or sound of his wife. Now you tell me where she is and what she's doing.
125 West Ninth Street.
Thinking about Thorwald.
I do.
Weird. Why don't I slip into something comfortable.
You and me with long faces plunged into despair because we find out that a man didn't kill his wife. We're two of the most frightening ghouls I've ever known.
Maybe I can get Thorwald out of the apartment.
Shall we vote him in Stella.
Lisa I I can't tell you how scared I was that you you might   
Friend of yours.
Give me some dirt.
Know the Millertown bluff.
Jim Stark.
Nothing Crunch. They picked him up like the rest of  
Not just buy. You hear all this talk about not lovely your kids enough. We give you love and affection don't we.
My first day of school mother'd make me eat and by golly I could never even swallow till recess  
And you dropped it.
I don't want to learn that.
You don't.
He's a minor Mr. Stark and it looks to me like he had more than a little drink.
Sure. Sure.
I think I know my son.
Listen  can't you wait till we get home.
I'm just explaining what you mean. You can't be an idealist all your life. Nobody thanks you for sticking your neck out.
That's right.
What's that pounding.
I don't know. First I thought it was Jim but  
Plato.
Who knows. Plato.
Boy I bet you'd go to a hanging.
It's me.
Everybody. Crunch and Goon and everybody. I think they're going to kill you.
We know.
Judy.
I had to go to a head shrinker. I only went twice though. My mother said it cost too much so she went to Hawaii instead.
When was that.
Your father.
Well stop hiding and stand up. I can't talk to you if I don't see you.
I shot at one of them.
But you didn't hurt anybody.
Do you enjoy doing this to me or what  
Good Lord.
No.
I just get so   Boy sometimes the temperature goes way up. RAY Okay. Okay. Let it out.
All the time. I don't know what gets into me  but I keep looking for trouble and I always  I swear you better lock me up. I'm going to smash somebody  I know it.
Any time  day or night. You calmed down enough to go back now.
Now that's true.
Won't mother be proud.
You going there.
Yeah  why  
I tried to call you before. JUDY I thought so.
I'm never going back.
No  come on. Should we rent or are we in a buying mood dear.
Should we explore.
Why.
You disappointed.
No. I got to find him.
Do you think your father means that.
That one.
Do you think you can get back at your Dad that way. I mean sometimes if we can't get as close to somebody as we'd like we have to try making them jealous  so they'll have to pay attention. Did you ever think of that.
What.
My mother.
We were romantic then too  
I didn't want to stop.
One more day baby. One more day to Christmas.
What he should see me help you catch him.
I don't think it's negative five.
No boyfriend of mine is going to walk around in negative five degree wind chill without a goddamn good  looking coat.
You got out Nick. You're here. You're my Christmas.
You sold him out.
Nick what are you   
JESUS CHRIST.
Gabriel and his guys. What's the last place they robbed.
I don't know 
But I never said Rudy.
She's getting you to help us  'cause she knows if you don't you're dead. You just tell us what we need to know you two live happily ever after. My sister loves you motherfucker and I ain't gonna have you break her heart.
What's her middle name.
No. It's her brother.
Why not.
More than you know.
Might as well be.
You need six.
What. We all gonna dress up like cowboys.
How'd you know my name 
Leave the tree.
And where they hide the real money.
Because down there this is money. Up here this is heat. You wanted Vegas quality I brought it to you. You wanted Vegas press I gave it to you. But guys please guys  I can't get you Vegas profits  till one of ya does some spirit dance and does something about this snow.
Mr. Bangs.
I'm putting liquor in the drinks I'm giving 10 times odds on craps I got the girls showing sixteen percent more skin. Show me another buffet's gonna offer you Coke and Pepsi. Whaddya want me to do..
That right. Shit. I used to run rigs for a guy loved your chaw there. Shit rotted out his tongue had to build him one outta silicon so the poor boy could talk. You ever see a motherfucker with a silicon fucking tongue.
How long ago was your makeover.
He didn't recognize me. Back off willya. He didn't recognize me.
No I think that's just oranges. She writes here she's eating oranges.
Oh.
Thought you hated Sidnaw.
Aw Rudy.
Alamo 
She set them up. All of them.
How'd you know I'd do it.
Well sorry 
But  I had a five 
You're hitting for MY cards.
What. No 
No shit he's gonna fuckin' die on us if we don't get him taken care of.
What.
Really. Who's your P.O..
This isn't all that bad. We can give you a lot of legitimate jobs. Put you on the rotation at Long Beach as a dock worker.
What the fuck d'you think we've been askin' each other.
No it wasn't Pam Grier Pam Grier was the other one. Pam Grier made the movies. Christie Love was like a Pam Grier TV show without Pam Grier.
How can you tell.
A little.
I can do that.
It's a change.
I tried that once it don't work. You get four guys fighting over who's gonna be Mr. Black. Since nobody knows anybody else nobody wants to back down. So forget it I pick. Be thankful you're not Mr. Yellow.
Jesus Christ Joe. Fuckin' forget it. This is beneath me. I'm Mr. Pink let's move on.
Five man job. Bustin' in and bustin' out of a diamond wholesaler's.
Joe trust me on this you've made a mistake. He's a good kid. I understand you're hot you're super fuckin' pissed. We're all real emotional. But you're barking up the wrong tree. I know this man and he wouldn't do that.
Goddamn you Joe don't make me do this.
Shit you shoot me in a dream you better wake up and apologize.
He's the reason the place turned into a shooting gallery. What are you a silent partner. Fuckin' tell him.
Oh excuse me I didn't realize you had a degree in medicine. Are you a doctor. Are you a doctor. Answer me please are you a doctor.
No I can't. You know what I heard the other day. Heartbeat It's Lovebeat by little Tony DeFranco and the DeFranco Family. I haven't heard that since I was in fifth fuckin' grade.
What do you think.
I got the diamonds.
What.
No shit.
Without medical attention this man won't live through the night. That bullet in his belly is my fault. Now while that might not mean jack shit to you it means a helluva lot to me. And I'm not gonna just sit around and watch him die.
He asked.
If we don't he'll die.
I wouldn't know. Did you ask her.
But I'm going to have to leave 'em here. They're  well they're not the sort of people you're used to.
It doesn't matter who they are.
Too much excitement. How about the surrey. Can you fix it.
It was a gift from the citizens of Aspen. I'm Mary Wells.
You can stay here if you like.
Steve and me we use a saddle for a pillow and roll up in a tarp.
Where do you keep the can opener.
And it's not only because the trip's a tough one   
I'll make the soap myself.
Why do you think.
Oh it did. It had a great deal to do with you.
So that's it You think I was making fun of your girl in gingham.
Then let's get started. The sooner I get to Sonora the better I'll like it.
There won't be any rest of the trip. Over the hill is a stage road and when we hit it you get dumped into the first stage that comes along. So keep your money. You'll need it for the fare. I'm fed up with you. I was fed up with you before we started.
It's going to Sonora.
Like I said women get in the way sometimes.
She's a friend took off this morning sort of sudden while I wasn't around.
At the ranch maybe.
He doesn't like me. What you eatin'.
Sure I do. Went off down to Mexico or something 
I'll eat when I'm good and ready.
You'll live.
All right you didn't know.
Stop it stop it.
That's right you go back to sleep. Tomorrow when you feel better things will look a whole lot different. Don't you worry about anything Mary's going to talk things over with your folks   
Me snoopin'. I came down here to take a bath.
Well say it.
I suppose that's your wagon in the river.
And you're all alone.
He certainly could. About a month.
I was at first. Then I was hanging on. Are you going far.
No. We're not stayin'   
From A to Z. All you have to do now is figure out what they mean put together in words.
There's plenty of use for reading you'll see.
How about California.
You don't read to fill your stomach  Poetry for instance. All the poems in the world wouldn't fill you half as much as a bowl of eatmeal but they make you feel good.
Sure.
I was doin' both. Here.
Well we never made it official so I guess we were technically never really boyfriend and girlfriend but I was seeing him in school. I saw him at the mall about six months ago and I was too nervous to introduce myself so I followed him to his car and jotted down the license plate number. It was registered to his mother so I went to her house. She was so nice. I mean she seemed like she would be nice 'cuz I never really spoke to her. I just waited til she went to work then I climbed in through her window and borrowed her phone book. I say borrowed because I'm going to give it back one day. But anyway I called everyone in it til I found her son. He wasn't home when I called so I left this message how much in love I was with him. I was and how I wanted to have his children. Just really opening up and he never called back. I'd call and call and anyway six months and two restraining orders later I just decided I deserved better. What about you. Do you have a boyfriend.
Oh my god. Madam Elsa my psychic told me I would meet somebody whose name starts with a letter of the alphabet today.
Psychology.
Brenda are you okay. Come sit.
No he lost the house after the stock market crash.
Yeah I think I'll feel better sleeping in the arms of a strong man.
Okay. See you later friend.
Well I was hoping to get my balls licked.
Well  okay  but only as a friend.
Listen to me I   
This is Ray. What's up. Where are you.
The ghost is close. He almost got us. Buddy is hurt.
No actually I found him like this. That's his stuff.
Don't worry Cindy the brain itself feels no pain.
Yes we made it.
I don't know but I sure hope so.
You better go get Dwight and the Professor.
I'm going to work in Washington Cindy.
That's where my best customers are. Marion Berry George Bush the Redskins. I'd like to offer you a job Cindy. Can you type. Take dictation. Swallow balloons filled with cocaine.
That turned out to be a good thing. It's gonna make smuggling a whole lot easier. Remember that weed. I'm about to get paid.
Yes it was reported but never substantiated.
Why don't you shut up Professor. Just relax.
Who.
Willing. I like that. And this one.
No they're just powder burns thank God. They were empty. Get her upstairs.
I don't think so. It's on all the cameras and check this out. The thermal readings inside the house dropped ten degrees when the image was recorded.
Congratulations Dwight it's begun.
What is it Dwight.
Yes but I've seen the tapes. This poltergeist is becoming increasingly more violent. We all could be in danger. I say we pull the plug.
Well there's a lot riding on this project.
You do.
I came as fast as I could but at my age the little soldier needs a lot more thumpin before it starts pumpin. If I tickle my ass before 
What she said about your mother.
Dog you look hot.
Ray.
Aww man. You just need to chill out. Come on there's this party tonight it's gonna be fun. Lot's of alcohol and honeys.
Carl can't believe how much I make at swap meets.
If Mom's a psycho Scotty will still be ok won't he.
Why.
Thanks Mom.
Let me see.
CHIP. You know how much I hate the brown word.
You mean for TV or print.
I just thought with all the sadness  you wouldn't want 
Oohhhhh. Yeah. Yeah.
Well honey chickadees breed in Alaska you know. No wonder Dede's hungry. It's a long trip all the way to Baltimore.
I beg your pardon.
I didn't do it.
So you admit you just lied.
NO I'M NOT YOU MOTHER FUCKER.
I do please.
Misty if you want to lose weight go ahead but do it for yourself not for some boy you barely know.
You got your wish.
There is one big problem though.
His unhealthy obsession with sick horror films.
Are we leaving.
From what I understand the eye  witness is a drug user.
Eight dollars.. Franklin Mint or not it's damaged goods.
Then you know that if I give you a little advice it'll be good advice.
Okay Mr. Radeau it's forgot.
I'd like to get out of here.
You won't get any water and you won't get any rest. You may as well drink.
Yes.
Oh as beautiful as ever.
I guess most people are.
I love your sister Mary. I love her very much.
But I reel guilty. It doesn't seem right for me to enjoy myself with Jacqueline gone.
You told me you were pretty good with youngsters. Today I bumped into an old friend of mine Mrs. Wheeler She runs a settlement house down in the Village and is looking for a kindergarten teacher.
Any court in the land would understand. We'll wait a few days let you rest then we'll go to the police.
Yes.
This is the part of New York I love. It is old. It has memories. If you listen the houses will speak to you. Walt Whitman Edna St. Vincent Millay  Eugene O'Neill in their time they've all lived here.
That you love Mary.
I'm Mimi I'm dying.
And you knew he'd be here.
I have something even better.
Jason I'm going back to Highcliffe. I came to say good by.
I thought myself your friend Mary. Just good bye isn't enough for a friend.
And Gregory he loves her.
No not at all Mr. Jason.
My dear fellow it's neither your business to ask nor mine to tell.
She was my patient.
You don't expect me to do that do you.
Tell me what.
No other reason —— no woman ——not the little Miss Gibson.
I'll do all I can to help. I'll go to my publisher tomorrow.
You know where she is.
I have no sympathy for either good or evil. I have only curiosity a professional curiosity. What unhappy people most of you are.
Are we.	I thought I was very gay.
It would be a charming experience. She might only protest half as much.
No. She's no longer under my care.
I never thought you did.
I'm afraid not.
Mary I'm amazed. Didn't Jacqueline tell you. She sold the business to me at least eight months ago. It's my business now.
Leave me your address and if I find anything I'll get in touch with you.
I can't give up looking for her Mrs. Redi no matter what you're hinting at.
Oh yes yes. One day a beautiful car comes here. This beautiful lady in furs gets out. There is a handsome man with her and the chauffeur The lady rents one of our upstairs rooms. The chauffeur changes the lock on the door. Then the lady never comes back   not to live anyhow. She came back three four times but always alone and just to eat.
Difficult. Has anything happened to Jacqueline.
Yes.
Why
I'll be right back with Mrs. Wheeler.
I can quote it fully Mrs. Redi. We will avoid violence. For once undertaken violence becomes its own master and can lead to either good or evil.
Then it is decided. Leo and Durk and I will make our plans.
I used to take great pleasure in that being purposefully different rubbing people's noses in it. Didn't you do that when you were younger.
I knew him very well. We were extremely close until I dropped out.
Okay. I think  I think sex is overrated. I think people place way too much importance on it. And I think that stuff about women wanting it just as bad is crap. I m not saying women don't want it I just don't think they want it for the reason men think they do. I'm getting confused.
Do you want them.
Why is that.
Agreed.
Impotent.
Well  are you self conscious about it.
I just wanted to see how the place looked furnished.
Videotapes.
No.
I don't  why  why do you do this.
What difference does it make why I do it.
Ann Bishop Millaney.
Yes.
Yes.
About me.
If I asked you to would you. Not on tape I mean.
You said you weren't always impotent.
So you have had sex.
Who was the last person you had sex with.
Her name was Elizabeth.
Yes. I did. Willfully and repeatedly.
Interesting analogy.
I've told you.
Yes.
Jesus Christ Ann. Why is anybody anything. I think you have this idea that people are either all good or all bad and you don't allow for any gray areas and that's what most of us consist of.
But why can't you just put it all behind you. Can't you just forget it. All that stuff you did.
No Ann I can't. I can't forget it. It's not something I can fix. It's difficult. There s something in my mind  the way my brain works  God Ann when you're with another person and you're  inside them you're so vulnerable you're revealing so much  there's no protection. And  somebody could say or do something to you while you're in this  state of  nakedness. And they could hurt you without even knowing it. In a way that you couldn't even see. And you would withdraw. To make sure it didn't happen again.
No.
Are you going to see Elizabeth while you're here.
That's interesting because I didn't leave a message.
Well are you.
I can't tell you how upset I would be if you were lying.
My sister for one. Is that who it is.
Ann do you see a pattern here.
Yeah so.
But see he stopped before I got that feeling that's why it seems weird to me. I mean I'm sure he wishes I would initiate things once in awhile and I would except it never occurs to me I'm always thinking about something else and then the few times that I have felt like starting something I was by myself.
Did you masturbate.
Well kind of recently I guess. But not too recently.
Well the cumulative effect is not good let me tell you. I knew I shouldn't have watered those plants.
I guess but not because of the way he looked or anything. He's just so different somebody new to have a conversation with. I'm just tired of talking to other couples about whether or not they're going to buy the station wagon you know. It's just boring. I don't know he was just different. And he's really on about truth a lot being honest and I like that I felt comfortable around him. After he left I had a dream that he signed a lease to rent our guest room.
I've been thinking about it for awhile and then I was talking to somebody who kind of put things in perspective for me.
I just want to know what he looks like is all.
I say it because it's descriptive.
Oh for God's sake. Really Cynthia really I don't think he's your type.
But he won't.
Why. Just give me the address you won't even have to be involved.
And what.
What's wrong with that.
What do you mean he doesn't want me to come over. Did you tell him about me.
What..
That doesn't mean you do. You can't possibly trust him he's  perverted.
He's harmless. He just sits around and looks at these tapes. What's the big deal.
Spooked.
What do you get.
About what.
I just want to ask you questions.
Cynthia Patrice Bishop.
Your first sexual experience.
How unfortunate. So when did you finally get to see a penis.
Were you disappointed.
He said that my hand felt good.
Different.
He doesn't have to tell me.
I'd like to make another tape.
So make an exception.
Goddamit give me my tape then.
Right.
I hate the thought of guys hitting on you all the time.
How about inviting me over to dinner.
The wrong hands. We're not talking about military secrets John. They're just tapes that he makes so he can sit around and get off.
You trust him.
Yeah I do. A helluva lot more than I trust you.
Actually no I've changed my mind. I shouldn't have called.
No he didn't put me up to this. Jesus I don't need people to tell me what I should do. I've just been thinking about things that's all.
I can't believe I let him stay in my house. Right under my nose. That deviant fucker was right under my nose and I didn't see him.
What tapes.
Mr. Kirkland has asked me to inform you that he has obtained legal representation elsewhere and that if you have a message for him to leave it with me.
He said immediately.
So. You'll find out what's wrong and then you'll be able to relax a little bit. Let him be the uptight one for a change.
Yes.
No. I don't think so.
I don't get it.
It's me Rollo Linsky. Remember me.
OK Rog. See you at ten.
BREAKING OUT
I tell you what's cooking. She made the blind see and it was a gift. Who was it from. Let's hear an 'F for 
Well Betty there are many ways that the spider may catch the fly 
 closed.
Faith Betty. But make sure it's your own.
SOME PEOPLE DO IT FOR THE FASHION
YOU LOST YOUR BABY WHEN YOU LOST YOUR BALLS YOU'VE LOST YOUR MIND YOU'VE LOST YOUR GRIP SO SAY BYE BYE
He moved all right. When they found him with fifteen other naked men at the back of Wilson's Bakery.
We've heard rumors that you're going to unveil more than just a new series tonight. Is this true.
It's 
What show.
Thank God he was born an orphan. It would have killed his parents.
You're practically naked.
YOUNG BLOOD
But what'll I do. What'll I say. What'll I wear.
EVER SINCE I WAS A LITTLE BOY DRESSING UP HAS ALWAYS BEEN MY GREATEST JOY BUT WHEN IT'S TIME TO BE DISCREET THERE'S ONE THING YOU JUST CAN'T BEAT THAT'S A STRAPLESS BACKLESS CLASSICAL LITTLE BLACK
F for 
Foods.
LIKE A DEEP PLUM LIPSTICK AND SOME THERAPEUTICS
She walks in beauty 
Then put him with the Feldmans. Whatever you and your Mom decide is fine with me.
I didn't dismiss you. I told you what I thought but it didn't seem to matter so you decide. Besides this is supposed to be my time with Miles. I hope you're not going to call every five minutes.
I'm not going to call every five minutes but this is important.
And  they're passing. Conundrum's passing. He said they really liked it. They really wanted to do it but they just couldn't figure out how to market it. He said it was a tough call.
You know me. I love it up here. How about you.
Highliner.
Oh yeah. Real well. Still do.
Nice.
Come on. You're fucking hungover.
Jesus. Don't ask questions like that up in the wine country. They'll think you're a moron.
How about the new ending. Did you like that.
I thought we could just say a quick hello to my mother.
It's not worth it. You pay too big a price. It's never free.
I went on Monday. But I spent most of the time helping him with his computer.
I thought you hated Chardonnay.
I don't know. Salmon. Don't you always have white wine with fish.
We should have driven.
Come on do you think I'm doing the right thing. Tell the truth. You've been through it.
Pour us a couple.
Oooh. Oh. Miles. Miles.
To that guy. That guy with the restaurant 
No no no. It's cool. I talked to Victoria. She's cool. Everyone's cool.
What.
Nah. I want to watch this.
Okay. Fuck.
Bathroom.
Don't you see how Maya's looking at you. You got her on the hook. Reel her in. Come on let's rachet this up a notch. You know how to to do it. Here. Drink some agua.
You go. In fact use my clubs. They're brand new gift from Christine's dad. It's on me. Oh say by the way Stephanie and me were thinking we'd all go to the Hitching Post tonight and sit at one of Maya's tables and she'll bring us some great wines and then we can all   
Count me out.
No.
Just stop okay. Make something up and that's what happened. Whatever you want. Write my confession and I'll sign it. Just stop pushing me all the time. I can't take it. You're an infant. This is all a big party for you but not for me. This is serious. And you Just  leave me alone okay. You're fucking me up.
Yeah they're great. Sporty. They're really sporty.
Good thing you have a voice over career.
You sure you didn't say anything to Maya.
Oh yeah Sunday night. You guys been out tasting today.
What's the title.
The Day After Yesterday.
Oh. You mean  today.
Wow. Anyway I think it's amazing you're getting it published. Really. I know how hard it is. Just to write it even.
My palate's kind of shot but from what I can tell I'd dub it pretty damn good.
Like what a fraud he was.
Goodnight Miles.
What rehearsal dinner.
Do you know what he's been saying to her.
Miles don't call me when you're drunk.
That's great.
Seems like everyone's getting married. A year ago it was all divorces. Now it's all weddings. Cyclical I guess.
Bye Stephanie. Bye Siena Caryl.
Yeah well. You know Jack's pretty eager to get up to  you know but uh yeah. We'll see how it goes.
Uh huh. I'll be right back.
I saw a monster. Can I have a glass of water.
That's weird.
 Tell Bo to listen to her brother. He'll always take care of her.
 Tell Graham   
It's called probing. It's a military procedure. You send a reconnaissance group very small to check out things. Not to engage but to evaluate the situation. Evaluate the level of danger. Make sure things are all clear 
I'm not going to curse.
No I'm not.
That's right.
Can you at least pretend to be like you used to be. Give me some comfort.
They're right behind the door.
Me too.
I'm close.
Graham.
Don't.
I have some upstairs.
It gets clearer the higher you hold it.
They tell you everything in this book.
Who wrote this book.
What's that.
Edgar it sounds as strange to me saying it as it is to you hearing it. But we couldn't see him. He stayed mostly in the shadows. All we could make out was movement. But I'll tell you something with absolute certainty. There was someone watching our house last night. He was looking in my children's windows and I want you to find him Edgar. I need you to take this seriously just in case it is something serious.
No.
He wasn't drinking. Ray fell asleep at the wheel.
Why not.
The money's in my saddlebags over there but I ain't stepping out to get it.
McKendrick.
Where's Jake.
Have you thought at all about your plans.
Yeah me and Jake will be heading out for California soon.
Yeah  that must have been it.
I'm afraid it is a bad start friend 'cause my name isn't Baxter and he ain't Hawley.
You got no idea what they were after.
Women.
Bad luck for me. Now I gotta bust him out of there.
C'mon I'll buy you a drink.
I've got a job.
Tomorrow we're going to town to straighten that out once and for all. The next day we'll be back here  farming. And these cattle better be gone.
They're drawn to me by that. But it never lasts.
Half the gunslingers that drift into town turn up on our police force.
His son is worse than he was. He's smoother so you don't always hear him coming but he'll do anything to keep his range free.
Sure we are. We're leaving at dawn.
We didn't get that far.
Oh that's just fine. Where were you when Ma and Daddy needed you. It's too late Mal. Now you finally show up and all you can think of is to get yourself killed.
Shut up. You need help don't you.
Where's the dog.
I've given that up.
Maybe you could run it without Stella.
So we understand each other.
Don't worry about me. If you're taking on Emmett the last place I want to be is between you.
You see that fellow over there in the gray coat.
Who's the owner.
I like your attitude. But it can be risky.
I wouldn't worry about that.
You don't have to protect my feelings Simone. I don't blame Viktor for falling in love with the most desirable woman in the world.
Good bye.
   Viktor that was Short Subject.
Well I do remember why I started out in this business you seem to have forgotten working in New York with Cassevetes we were trying to do something important shine a light in that darkened cinema   
Spare me.
   Christ Viktor look around. What do you think pays for all this. This is about investment and return. Those days in New York  that's  it's over.
Good to see you too Elaine.
I don't know if that's going to happen.
Which accounts for your percentage. When do I get to meet this dream.
Not today. She's learning her lines. You can also take cue cards and teleprompter out of the budget.
Everyone I know has met her Viktor.
That's true.
   We have to talk to her Viktor.
Well yes. From a studio point of view it would be better if Simone stayed single. Anyhow I thought she came across great tonight. Intelligent well informed a natural. And touching. She was spectacular.
That's sweet Viktor but I couldn't let you do that make that kind of sacrifice. It's strange. I've stabbed people in the back clawed and slept my way to where I am it goes with the territory but for some reason I can't betray Simone. There's  I don't know any other way to say it there's a goodness to her.
So you did meet her.
Of course.
Let's talk about the work that you care so much about.
The film. The chemistry. No reflections on Nicola but Simone and I we were just so right together.
Clyde.
Why not.
Straw God changed my life.
I won't be here next week. The tumor's inoperable. I'll be dead.
She still with Kent.
Precisely.
Really. Too bad.
Dinner. Dinner's difficult. A phone call.
Too impersonal. They have to meet face to face.
What..
This is the story.
Who's the hostage Sayer her or you. You look kind of captive yourself. While you're spending every waking hour obsessing over Simone guess what I guarantee she doesn't even know you exist. Get off my property or I'll call the cops.
Nice try. If we can't get to her through you maybe your family will be more co operative. I can guarantee you Taransky one way or another Miss Simone and I are going to get acquainted.
I'd like to see that Sayer. Invite me.
The background is.
I want to see her. Unless you show me Simone live and in person I show these pictures to the authorities.
   Cashier's check went out to our anonymous tipster this morning worth every penny too. Who says there's no place for checkbook journalism. We'll be running stills of this for months then release the whole tape we'll get our money back maybe show it on an exclusive pay per view event. Do you realize what we have here. We have the only independent footage of Simone in existence.
Could they have built that hotel since yesterday.
No of course not you're right. That would be crazy.
Let it burn. Simone would rather go up in flames than give up her privacy.
I certainly am Mr. Taransky.
Good morning Mr. Taransky.
You're right. You're right. Of course one doesn't want to boast. It's a classic case of technology in search of an artist. That's all you've been waiting for an artist with integrity with a vision who can see.
Are you ever going to tell the truth about me Mr. Taransky.
Okay. Fine. Understood. I'm off then.
That's good.
See this is why I lose at poker. Yes I do have a question.
Me too.
All the time. They're everywhere. You won't tell anyone my secret right.
I don't know Cole.
Yes it did.
What happened.
Tommy Tammisimo sucked big time.
They did.
Dead people.
You think I'm a freak.
Grandma comes to visit me sometimes.
She wanted me to tell you she saw you dance.
Stop it.
The last time was a Chuck E. Cheese party a year ago. He hid in one of those purple plastic tunnels and didn't come out.
J. C. Penny's.
Superstition.
What's a little while.
Fuck you.
Fuck me. Fuck YOU..
Not lately.
How would you know. You're looking at my tits. Jesus Carl. Your job is to keep us on the road.
No shit.
He should turn that music down. Jeremiah's gonna kill him.
Hell no. But you missed a damn good sermon. You can't hide a wicked heart from the eyes of the Lord.
   Billy Jean   
Nah. We still got Billy Bob.
I am not. I'm telling you it's worth its weight in gold.
Cowshit. Are you sure the Aztecs even had cows.
It harvests. It threshes. Look at these blades.
Hi Suze.
Come out come out wherever you are.
I don't think so.
   It's not me.
I'm not surprised. It's got a body count of zero. And no one goes around in a stupid mask hacking innocent people to death.
Which means we've got ONE week to start acting like a professional band.
Mmmm so can I 
Suzie   
I was getting 'warmed' up.
Us. We been  moonlighting.
Comes with some Goddamn responsibility like keeping your people in line.
Hell Jack your leisure activities ain't my business.
I know what people say Bill. I  Remember back in high school I worked at my father's gas station.
That wasn't a good night no.
It's my nature.
Oh yeah. Fuck you fat ass.
What do you see. I see a butterfly.
We'll be there in ten minutes.
Starla Covington. Don't be ignorant. Everyone knows that. Fucking prom queen.
What.
Margaret.
Yeah it's the highlight of my day.
How much style.
You have a great profile.
Yeah I do. Especially from that angle.
Trucker coffee. It's three times stronger. Good for a hundred miles. That a coupla perks and you can leap tall buildings in a single bound.
I've never seen him before in my life. I'm just trying to help you out.
Bandit II.
Sleep for a week. Wanna join me.
Hot Pants please. I'm gonna be flying by in about five minutes with Smokey on my tail. Can you lock it off behind me.
We gotta let the slack out Cledus; this is costing us time.
If you ask me I think we should make that run to Choo Choo Town and pick up that load of lumber. Nice. Easy. And within the law.
Let's keep it that way.
Nope. Just keep those wheels churning.
We're outta motion lotion.
Let's boogie.
Don't take that foot off the hammer 'cause you got wall to wall Bears about to pour over you like maple syrup.
But they're waiting for me. They don't even know Cledus Snow exists.
Go breaker.
That's correct.
No no no. We've been looking to renovate that area of our hotel for some time now. The security team is only present to preserve floor integrity due to the roof access.
Welcome to the new Bureau. Nobody shares information anymore it's become synonymous with job security.
And threw us into the lake.
Shoot I appreciate that man.
Damn  alright then.
That's not possible. I told you.
Shit if you're on a crazy jag why stop there why not take Fort Knox with a fucking slingshot or go into Hell after Hitler  I like your chances a lot more.
Without peer.
The Deputy Director this prick Locke he smashed the whole thing we're done they won't tell me why 
Possibly. Acosta is pure mercenary. And a million dollar hit fee will draw some huge flies. But forget about Sparazza's money for a moment and remember there's no shortage of those who want Israel killed and no shortage of cash to do just that 
We have to transport Mr. Israel to Las Vegas time is of the essence. The gulfstream is standing by on the jetway at Tahoe International. I'm sorry I'm restricted from disclosing anymore information. Return to Washington. You'll be debriefed in the coming days.
You're finished.
Nah nuthin' on my end   
   yeah now lemme finish I was eavesdroppin' so give me sec lay this thing out since the information might be a little loose   
Chances are they're gonna get into some shit too hafta put people down.
Okay yeah I can I respect that.
That takes some of the sting out.
You do the right thing. Sit with me while I heal let it develop slow.
'Spose to kill this fool named Buddy Israel.
Fuck you.
C'mon I say we bounce now kick it for a lil' bit play some craps Maybe spend the night.
Right mafuck'n now girl. Fast as we can get you there. We wait any longer someone goin' dead this fool.
And you're not. Maybe you're my puppet. But like all puppets you think you're actually human. It's The Puppet's Dream. Wondering if they're human.
I want to hear your version.
I am here to recover this mission report my findings and make a recommendation. Now: What happened to him.
Kelvin she begged me. I had a short  range version of the destabilizer prototype a miniature with a range of a few meters. She walked into it and disappeared. She was gone.
Whose side are you on.
Who was it.
That depends.
I'm not sure. It started with Gibarian. He locked himself in his room and refused to talk except through a crack in the door. He covered the video lens. Obviously we thought he was having a nervous breakdown. I don't know why he didn't tell us he had somebody in there. By this time we were getting visitors too. He was desperately trying to figure it out. Day and night. Who was she.
Rheya.
Consciousness is enough that's all I've saying. Consciousness should be enough for anybody.
But why is it doing what it's doing. Given it's resources it could have done anything. Presented me with your double and you with mine.
But they are human. They certainly become human with incredible speed. First they're like they were in our memory but then they fill in on their own. DNA doesn't determine the hundreds of trillions of connections that occur in the brain it's not dense enough. They build up with experience.
What plan.
To calm my anxiety.
Rheya. Not here.
Let's go home.
As I said it is beyond our comprehension.
It's genetics. You know this. You know where it comes from. There is nothing wrong with uncrossing a few crossed wires.
It's a violent response to something we haven't figured out. Don't let the cowardly demeanor fool you: He is ruthless. Unblinking in his prejudice.
Neither can I. Not any of it. There's no reference point for what's going on; it's never happened before. It's a clean break in the fabric of the Universe; a gap. There is nothing to do but experience it moment to  moment and not let it destroy us.
It's all right.
Rheya   
Looks a little constipated to me.
Occasionally.
Hard to find doors in this place.
Can we go then.
There's a phone in the car.
Hey. There are crazy people here.
I'll come with you.
You know why they're like that . He was myopic  going blind.
No no seriously. There's a study done on this you walk this way the muggers are gonna single you out.
And die laughing because you're walking so stupid.
Okay. Let's just see if a mugger gets me.
I saw you with a dog in my mind.
No dog.
Very nice.
What's to like.
What do you want.
I trusted you. I thought you cared about me..
I do care about you.
This is me Mike. There's nothing else 
Oh I do want to know. I tried to reach you at the precinct.
I don't know. Garber's left orders here not to let you in the building.
I don't know. It wouldn't be very smart.
Listen you're right. Don't do it. I'll just  send you an address okay.
No really it's okay I've gotta go. I'm expecting some calls. I'll be fine really.
Pretty bad.
  Don't explain.
Win made his choices Claire. We all do   
What am I supposed to do.. I saw one of my oldest friends get killed. And I saw who did it. I can't just let it go away..
The gun. It's in the upstairs closet.
What.
Let 'em eat their hearts out.
It's not your fault. Mike please get off the case.
I'm not saying it's your fault.
When I want your advise Keegan I'll make an appointment.
Do it or look for another profession. That's a choice I guess.
  Hard.
She's taking singing lessons.
Be nice.
Uh Uncle Ben I  
Same old stuff. How's the pharmacy.
Remember Little League.
No no.
Or was it all a dream.
Harry Osborne diminishes the stature of the University.
I know. I've got one too.
I got you a present.
No. Now get outta my face kid.
A spider. Eight legs.
Sorry. I'm still getting the hang of this.
Can I get you a snack   a housefly maybe.
What if you get hurt.
I   uh  
I hate your relatives I hate your coffee I hate your shoes.
Thank God.
Does it have a human name.
I'd never admit that.
Oh. Maybe I should too  
This from a man who winces at the cost of a pretzel.
Listen. You think you're responsible for everything that happens. Don't flagellate yourself   and don't flatter yourself either. You're not the center of the universe. You're just  Peter.
Ssh. I always thought she was a strong person. She is   but not for the reasons I thought.
So you've found Thorkel.
I know him.
Your records are older than you are. Have you never heard of new wave.
Oh Peter. A zit.
Let's talk in the hall.
Rosomoff I have better things to do than teach Introductory Physics to mindless adolescents.
Perhaps. But every now and then someone pays attention. You did.
You're wrong. Just for a moment I heard saw felt   I became Creation.
You have no right. This is cosmic suicide.
No. No I   my aunt and uncle. Something's wrong I need to make a phone call.
Yeah just a lung full of New Jersey. Lucky you showed up when you did.
Sure in the war. Pull those cables  
Plenty.
We did not.
Take some matches see. And a cigarette see. Tuck the cigarette in like this see. Now the cigarette keeps burning like a fuse see.
Looks good outside.
Why not. Just one of the boys. Sharing our bunks. Eating our chow. Right in amongst the ones that beat me up. Except that he beat hardest.
Forty five cigarettes. The price has gone up.
You'd better get that blue blood circulating because we're busting out of this stink hole in exactly    one minute and twenty seconds.
Quite a transportation jam we are having outside of Frankfurt. They are very angry in Berlin. They will be even angrier on the East Front waiting for that ammunition train. Don't you think so Lieutenant.
Of course you did. Twenty six carloads of munitions gone off like a trick cigar. The S.S. is running around in circles. The Gestapo is arresting the wrong people. And von Scherbach has caught the fish. Most amusing isn't it.
Oh come now. You threw a time bomb.
Naturally. It would be rather awkward to have three men in one bunk.
I want to talk about Lieutenant Dunbar. Is this Lieutenant Dunbar.
Droppen Sie dead. Raus mit dem Ofen. Los. Los.
You want Betty Grable.
Let me go.
If she don't want you she don't get anything.
It's beautiful. You goin' to eat it all yourself.
Not for me. Betty. Betty.
That's what I wanna hear.
Sugar lips Shapiro. Frightening ain't it.
Animal. Got a little something for you.
No. I want to draw.
You have elected me Security. The way things have been going in this Barracks I guess I've done a poor job and I want to make up for it. Is that asking too much.
Come on everybody. Let's go.
Are we boring you.
It adds up that you got yourselves the wrong guy. Because I'm telling you. The Krauts wouldn't plant two stoolies in one barrack. And whatever you do to me you're going to have to do all over again when you find the right guy.
Anybody cover.
Price. When I go I want you to give me five minutes. Exactly five minutes to get Dunbar out of that water tank. Then you throw Price out into the compound nice and loud. He'll draw every light from every goon tower. It's our only chance to cut through. What do you say Barracks' Chief.
I wasn't so sure. I just liked the odds.
What about the radio.
Three hundred and sixty fifth Bomb Squadron. Out of Chelveston.
What did you say.
Amazing what you can do with five thousand ping pong balls isn't it.
Shut up. Security Officer eh. Screening everybody only who screened you. Great American hero. From Cleveland Ohio. Enlisted right after Pearl Harbor. When was Pearl Harbor Price. Or don't you know.
You are trying to say that an American would inform on other Americans.
Give me the radio.
Look at them Lieutenant. Everybody is a clown. How do you expect to win the war with an army of clowns.
He is.
Twelve years sir.
What do you mean.
But I did not deal with it sir. I let it prevent me from helping my friend. Does that make me a coward.
Commander.
I am sorry but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wrong
We better get you back to the ship La Forge to Enterprise.
For you. This is where you wanted to be.
I don't understand.
I told you time has no meaning here. If you leave you can go anywhere any time.
I've warned ye about that back of yours. You should have a doctor take a look at it.
What do you mean you're not going. We promised.
It's like you always said  if something's important enough you make the time.
There's just no way to disrupt a gravimetric field of this magnitude.
Captain I don't know how much longer I can hold her together.
Is there a problem.
Yes. Fine. If you'll excuse me.
In a way he was as close as I ever came to having a child of my own.
Mr. Data scan the planet for lifeforms.
Yes. I need to return to the observatory immediately. I must continue a critical experiment I was running on the Amargosa star.
The only possible reason you're here is because you're not entirely confident you can shoot down my probe after all. So you've come to dissuade me from my horrific plan. Good luck.
There are no other ships in the system.
Why were they looking for it on a Federation observatory. It doesn't make any sense.
Aye sir.
If he tries to get away with Warp Drive he's really in for a shock 
Put me on the hailing frequency.
Mr. Chekov I ordered Spock's quarters sealed.
Surge from astern sir. Aft quarter.
It has to be. Gravitational fields were in flux  It must have soft landed .
David  Sorry I'm late.
David . What went wrong.
That may be difficult 
You said there wouldn't be any.
Very well. Exercise caution Lieutenant. This landing is Captain's discretion and I'm the one who's out on a limb.
What. What are you saying.
The ship  Out of danger .
You saved the ship Spock. You saved us all. Don't you remember..
What about surface life signs .
Go Sulu.
Welcome home Jim.
Don't quote rules Harry. We're talking about loyalty. And sacrifice. One man who died for us another who has deep emotional damage   
Report status.
Wait. Give me a chance   
Give me what I want and I'll consider it 
You fool look around you. This planet is destroying itself.
Don't be a fool give me your hand.
I saw no future   
  Yes 
But at what cost. Your ship  Your son.
Our mission is over. I have failed  A human has been bolder and more ruthless than I  That is the real dishonor.
A twenty year space veteran yet you ask for the worst duty station in town. I mean look at this place: the hind end of space.
Good for you Lieutenant.
All true.
Well what are we going to do about it..
The <u>closet</u>.. Have you lost all sense of reality.
It would destroy such life in favor of its new matrix   
Would you like to tell me whose are the <u>right</u> hands my cold blooded friend. Are you in favor of these experiments.
That's all you have to say.
'Beware Romulans bearing gifts.' Happy Birthday 
Exactly. Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Bones I don't want to be lectured.
Spare me your notions of poetry please. We all have our assigned duties and 
As a physician you of all people should appreciate the danger of re opening old wounds.
  taking Genesis away from us 
Stage One of our experiments was conducted in the labora  tory. Stage Two of the series will be attempted in a lifeless underground; Stage Three will involve the process on a plane  tary scale. What follows is a computer projected simulation of Stage Three. Please watch closely.
Par for the course  you teaming up with me for bridge after dinner.
I don't understand. Who's responsible for all this. Who is Khan.
But we can't just sit here   
Damn. Are you sure. Maybe the scanner's out of adjustment   
We encoded four minutes   
I'm trying David.
Only half of you would get there.
I give you sixty seconds Admiral.
  to prevent an enemy from doing just what we're attempting; using <u>our</u> console to tap in a message an order to lower Reliant's damn shields 
We'll be going to warp speed   
Just the batteries sir. I can have auxiliary power in a few minutes   
Try the emergency channels 
I had me a wee bout but Dr. McCoy pulled me through.
My sister's youngest Admiral. Crazy to get to space.
Mr. Scott the word is given.
No promises Mr. Scott. On your way.
Best speed to Regula I. Kirk out. Scotty I've got to ask: Any chance of getting the mains back on the line.
Admiral if we go by the book like Lieutenant Saavik hours could seem like days.
The <u>Kobayshi Maru</u> scenario frequently wreaks havoc with students and equipment. As I recall you took the test three times yourself. Your final solution was shall we say unique.
I told Starfleet all we had was a boatload of children but we're the only ship in the quadrant. Spock: those cadets of yours how good are they. How will they respond under real pressure.
How far.
The prefix code is 16309. All commands from each Starship bridge are relayed electronically; each ship has its own prefix combination code 
And no way of knowing if Reliant is still in the area 
Affirmative Admiral.
Best speed Scotty 
Damn. Alert Starfleet Headquarters. I want to talk with Starfleet Command.
Because  there was no way to win.
Take the test again.
Phasers on stun. Move out.
Descend ten thousand meters. Stand by photon torpedoes.
Distance from Reliant 
You've earned it. But I'm still grateful to have you at the helm for three weeks. I don't believe these kids can steer.
<u>I did nothing</u> except get caught with my britches down. I must be senile. Mr. Saavik you just keep right on quoting regulations. Meantime let's find out what the hell is going on and see how bad we've been   
Try again.
Aye sir.
Don't tell me fish stories kiddo. I've known you too long.
I know. I feel the same thing. But we're between a rock and a hard place. We can't keep them without risking their lives and we can't let them go without a taking the same chance.
Yeah.
Why don't I.
If you have a better idea   now's the time.
There are millions of other species on Earth Doctor. Only human arrogance would assume the message was meant for man.
That is what I said Doctor.
We're just observing.
Like who you really are and what you're doing here and what this thing is.
Name.
Shields aye.
We don't know. It's using forms of energy our best scientists do not understand 
We don't want to be any trouble.
In fact we may be able to help in ways that frankly you couldn't possibly imagine.
It's not so much a matter of a place as of time.
Think about it but don't take too long because I'm out of time. If you change your mind this is where I'll be.
We'll bring them up just like we brought you. It's called a transporter beam 
What is our target in time.
The late 20th Century.
You've programmed that from memory .
I have.
Yes.
I see.
The hell I can't
That's cutting it closer than you know. What about team two.
No Admiral  But is the human thing to do.
We'll divide into teams. Commanders Chekov and Uhura are assigned to the Uranium problem.
Uhura scan for the whales. 401 megahertz.
Hover on my mark Mr. Sulu. Mr. Chekov stand by de cloaking Scotty ready for power build up. Mark Mr. Sulu 
Yes sir.
Nothing  I should never have left him 
Put them on screen.
I'll try sir. Scott out. Well now he's got himself in a bit of a snit don't he.
Mr. Scott don't make jokes we are in danger of  
Full power sir.
Scotty don't prejudge. A ship is a ship.
Klingon justice is a unique point of view Mr. President.
Do you have the right to murder.
I demand to see the owners. I demand   
Yes of course  Do you have any message for your mother.
Gomen nasarei. Hito chigai de gozaranuka na. I'm sorry my son. You have mis  taken me for someone else.
Ah sorenara mazu mazu nagaiki wo sareru to mira. Ah  Then I am sure that you will have a long and happy life.
Arigato. Sayonara. Thank you honorable sir.
Data if you were following the boy and discovered this ship 
Most of my people who live that faster pace would sell their souls to slow it down.
I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn.
No.
Until this week that young man probably never saw a machine let alone one that walks and talks 
In six hours every living thing in this system will be dead or dying.
  And now he's holding our people hostage down there 
The Prime Directive doesn't apply. These people are not indigenous to this world. They were never meant to be immortal. We'll simply be restoring their natural evolution.
I'm not begging for my life. I'm begging for yours. There is still a way home Gal'na.
Scan for lifesigns.
Sir as the Enterprise left orbit one of their support craft went down to the surface. It appeared to be the Captain's Yacht. Five persons on board.
We'd have to tag every one of them  that would take time  and we don't have it. The Enterprise is only nineteen hours from communications range with the Federation 
No one hated them more than you Gal'na. We've come a long way together. This is the moment we've planned for so many years 
Do you have everything you need from command.
All I know is that he was functioning normally until he was shot. Then his fail safe system was activated 
The manifold can't handle full impulse in the Patch Commander.
Cometary debris pockets of unstable metreon gas  we don't want to go in there sir 
We'll skip the court martial this time  Picard out.
I understand. Tell Doctor Crusher to have a hypospray of lectrazine ready 
The metaphasic radiation in those rings is in a state of extreme flux. Steer clear of them Mister Worf 
Beam him out.
Transferring controls to manual.
Very well. We'll take an hour. Break out some rations 
Can you beam him off.
You have two days to become experts  Mister Worf your job and mine will be to find a plan to safely capture Data.
Why don't you try sitting up.
I never kissed you with a beard before.
Activating injector assembly.
Sir I am not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels 
Jean Luc this man needs medical attention now.
He was so confused by what I was doing I don't think he even noticed. Any word from the Enterprise.
That is not true. They have tried to help me.
Yes  but the Enterprise  my duty 
No.
What.
Today is March second 2063. The time in Montana is oh eight forty  five.
That is a contradiction. The Borg act as a collective consciousness. There are no individuals.
I told you there's no   
I have the password right here.
Always am.
Entering the upper ionospere 
We're crossing the threshold.
Jean Luc Picard.
Huh.
Not yet.
Trade. Okay. The photographs  for a straight answer. Who are you. And how do you know Zephram.
You're lying.
Are you always sucha good judge of character.
We.
No  I'm from France.
Why.
Fire.
What.
They're converting the deflector dish into an antennae 
Right.
Emergency override.
Where the hell are they going.
Data's positronic net contains classified information on the Enterprise. Command codes security protocols 
And the good news is they're not going to prosecute.
Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of exploration 
Aside from a touch of arthritis I'd say pretty good.
I don't wonder. Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you.
Yes.
You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor.
Quite right Mr. Chekov. What is now required is a feat of linguistic legerdemain   and a degree of intrepidity. Before the Captain and Doctor McCoy freeze to death.
I shall look forward to it.
And your coat.
Krandog aranty.
We didn't kill Gorkon.
Captain may I remind you that regulations specify thrusters only while in space dock.
Aye sir.
You piloted well out of spacedock Lieutenant  
Captain.
How could you vouch for me. That's .. arrogant presumption  
Far be it for me to dispute my first officer. Starfleet has always  
I am uncertain.
Perhaps you're right.
Azetbur has agreed to meet the Federation at a undisclosed location to continue her father's work  the conspirators obviously intend to try again 
Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing wondering if we detect her.
  is to trust him.
This is the Starship Enterprise Captain James Kirk commanding.
WE SURRENDER.
This is Enterprise. We surrender. Repeat Enterprise surrenders   
Sir I speak to you as a kindred intellect. Do you not recognize that a turning point has been reached in the affairs of the Federation.
Very well. For twenty four hours we'll agree that this conversation did not take place.
In nineteenth century France workers who felt their livelihood threatened by machines flung their wooden shoes   called SABOTS   into the gears to stop them. Hence the word SABOTAGE.
Then it's time we were heading home. Three years is 
Visual.
Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying.
I think not.
No. My name is Data  I am your brother.
No.
No. I must deactivate you.
Indefinitely.
About twenty five years ago. They probably used a hair follicle or skin cell.
That was another time.
How far we've come. Let me know if you need anything.
Well. I suppose it does a bit. I'm very happy for them of course but I'm going to miss them. The ship will seem  incomplete without them.
Port thrusters sir. Would you like me to drive.
Fire.
Negative.
This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.
Because the captain has to concentrate on piloting the vehicle.
And you needn't worry. I'll brief your new counselor on everything she needs to know.
No.
This isn't real.
Understood.
What do we know about the population.
As I remember Thalaron research was banned in the Federation because of its bioqenic properties.
The targeting sequence should take about four minutes.

Understood.
There'll be another after me. And another after that. You'll find we're a resilient species.
I appreciate your concern Number One but I've been itching to try out the Argo.
Captain's prerogative Will. There's no foreseeable danger  and your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you.
It's working.
Our eyes reflect our lives don't they. Yours are so confident.
How did you end up on Remus.
And if you had lived my life you would understand that there is a great respons  ibility in representing the Federation. I can't let my personal feelings unduly influence my decisions.
Yes.
And I'm not quite human. So what am I. What do you see. Do you see a life you might have led. Lost youth never to be recaptured.
If your issues are with me  This has nothing to do with my ship and nothing to do with the Federation.
I think the facts speak for themselves. The same noble Picard blood runs in our veins. Had you lived my life you'd be doing exactly as I am. Look in the mirror and see yourself.
He is what his life has made him.
Yes Praetor.
The Scimitar will serve my needs.
I thought we discussed patience Commander.
I'll take that.
Fill this out. Will this be cash or credit card.
What do you do.
Eh  yes.
Wait wait  What are my orders if we find this thing.
We don't think that's necessarily bad. At least it's a point of contact.
When can we expect containment.
You'll get results one way or the other that's for sure  Okay.
Shermin 
We'll do that. But how are we going to hold him. He can change himself into a man. He can disappear.
You're a career intelligence officer Shermin. You'll be in the air with us.
This is George Fox 
I want to speak to Marc Shermin.
Pancakes.
Yes.
You didn't even see it.
My ..car will take me ..up there  home.
Yes.
Eh  yes 
I'd love to have a baby. But I can't 
The driver will 
Yes.
Stars  When a sun is far away we call it a 'star.'
He was a good friend  The captain took the ship away fast and I was not in the ship.
I understand.
Are you my friend.
Why.
Not all  but it feels like a kiss.
You liked my singing.
Hurry up.
What do you want from me. There are no cars on this road. I didn't ask for this stupid storm.
Horses.
I understand. Thank you.
You won ten dollars. Big deal. If we don't get a good ride before dark we could miss your ship.
Yes.
Many many days and nights 
I'm never going to see you again am I.
You jerk. You look at all the sweetness and light and goodness you think'll come out of this. You know what's gonna come out of this  The end of religion the end of civilization the end of the earth. We could become slaves we could become a colony of these things. Don't you see that. Are you too stupid to see that.
It was only an accident that we discovered them.
What's all this squid shit.
Hey fuck you man.
Leave him alone Tran.
What're you going to do.
I know. I don't always do exactly what I'm told. So I said 'Do you enjoy watching me.' And you said come on Max.
Why don't you just split. You don't love him anybody can see that. And to him you're just some kinda possession like a Ferrari something to show the other guys.
Come on Faith. He's just toying with you. And when he gets bored you'll be yesterday's papers.
Damn right.
You know one of the ways movies still have Squid beat. Because they always say The End. You always know when it's over. It's over. Now please leave. I have to go on again in a couple of minutes.
Then what. Then what Lenny.. You going to protect me. Big tough guy. You're a talker Lenny. You don't even have a gun.
Let's work it.
He stalks her. He rapes her. Then he does her 
He records himself raping and killing her  
Yeah. She's leaving with Tran so I got to boogie. Real quick  Iris checked into the Sheraton last night under a false name. Paid cash.
All I'm saying  you don't know how high up the food chain this thing goes. I've heard stuff.
Yeah. So don't walk near me in public alright.
What do you mean.
I won't say anything.
Fuck that. The last part's the best. You dry dive six stories and blammo. Jack right into the Big Black.
I don't deal black jack clips. It's policy. I got ethics here.
Yeah when did that start. Come on man. It's what people want to see and you know it.
What clip. What was it.
Faith can I talk to you a second.
Coming with you.
Get it.
Okay you got my attention but this is cutting off the circulation to my head here. D'you mind.
I know you wouldn't be saying all this if you didn't care about me. Thanks Mace. Really.
So the guy's not a sicko.
If he could do what's on that tape he's a sicko.
That's where it gets a little strange.
No shit. You got someplace in mind.
Aw Mom.
Yeah well maybe it's time for a war.
Um  he was older.
You got that right. Low became obsessed with the Green River murders the case had been inactive for ten years at that point. He argued the Green River Killer had actually become Suspect Zero this master murderer who killed without pattern killed literally hundreds of victims male female old young straight gay and who was still killing even though there were no bodies. It went against everything we knew. Low became increasingly paranoid. Every suspect was potentially Suspect Zero. Anybody tried to talk sense into him he'd accuse them of being out to get him. Deputy Director Koessler was out to get him. The decision was made to relieve him.
The diner.
What's the bad news.
I sent a female in. The room in question was rented by an Anglo cash; since then nothing no activity no phone response.
Got a sister like this what they call it anal. That's her.
Her body turned up. In a Minnesota cemetery. They brought her back.
I didn't wait on him. Fifty or so white regular build needed a shave that's all I remember.
What kind.
Please.
You refused to comply with a direct order.
You didn't like anyone looking over your shoulder why was that. What were you doing.
Was.
None taken.
And one other thing.
That's because he's a fucking wacko. Never met a self promotion scheme he didn't like. What's he doing now.
Huh.
You found the body. She was one of Harold Speck's victims. In El Paso. They're not just talking to each other Mack they're trading souvenirs.
I came over because I couldn't sleep and was lonely. I wanted to see you. I thought I'd surprise you.
Oh.
Not the way I can.
Could be a lot of things. Depends on the freezer. I'm sorry Mack but I don't think this is the answer.
Burn marks. The original M.E. listed it as burn residue. Same place the outer thigh as Karen Sumpter. The UNSUB is able to abduct kill transport and bury without detection.
Suspect Zero is a crackpot theory. You said so.
Kulok.
The little piggie speaks.
Suspect Zero.
Deputy Director Koessler opposed the theory because it meant pressing the legal envelope risking high profile failure. Better to get rid of me. Then he could be Mr. Serial Killer Mr. Authority on Deviant Behavior no embarrassing questions about the contribution of one Richard Low. Do you really think that plane crashed by accident. Do you really think I wasn't on it by accident. I've always had a good sense of intuition.
So you went underground.
The file however was kept open after your death. NPE disappearances No Plausible Explanation were sometimes filed there deleted if the bodies were found.
How do you know who's real and who's not.
I already have an employer.
Those were just fantasies.
Whatever happened to MyDick.
Haven't had any but I'm willing to try.
Sounds like fun.
MyDick. As in my dick. That was his screen name.
You're money baby.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Thank you Nikki.
It's been six months and I'm just starting to get over it.
Like what.
I believe it too. He really just wants her to be happy.
Nah I didn't really want it anyway. I just wanted to order it.
No 
Well I'm afraid it's not that easy 
Already. You poor thing. It won't last.
I understand.
Didn't you tell me to be patient with my career.
That's okay. I wanted to talk to you.
Listen Mike. You really didn't have to get off the line. I just wanted to ask you one thing. I know I shouldn't have called I mean my friends said I should wait two days  Oh God I probably sound like such a schoolgirl  It's just that it's tonight only  I mean it's Sinatra's birthday and they have this thing every year at The Room. Do you know where that is. It's impossible to find if you've never been there. I don't understand why none of the clubs in Hollywood have signs. Anyway I'm so bad at this if you're not busy I thought you might 
You know us.
I couldn't. Do you know how hard it's been not to call you. I pick up the phone every night. Whenever that commercial comes on 
Right.
Unless she comes back first.
I mean I need the money.
It's definitely a step back for me.
I didn't want to say anything.
Wait till summer. I swear you can't leave the house. It hurts. It physically hurts.
Ah there's the rub 
It's unbelievable.
I got to at least try once.
How am I doing well. I host an open mike and I played a fuckin' bus driver in a movie. Big fuckin' deal. I'm with an agency that specializes in fuckin magicians. How good am I doing.
They turned you down.
How did you get over it. I mean how long 'til it stopped hurting.
Give me the money. I'll get it.
Damned if I know 
I can't believe you.
What about you Mikey. At least I got balls. You're always whining about some bitch who dumped you a year ago 
We're going to Vegas.
You're crazy.
I'm not going to Vegas.
Whu.
That's New York baby. You should know that. Look at the waitresses. I'm gonna get me a peg leg baby.
Who's fucking around. I'm not making fun. Let's do it baby.
You won. There's nothing to be sorry about. You're a winner. I'm the fuckin loser. I should be sorry.
Baby don't talk like that baby.
What an asshole.
You gotta give Tee one thing. He's good with the ladies.
Oh  I love you  I can't believe you're doing this  Drugs are bad  Whatever. After School bullshit. The role is Brother.
No baby. You're money.
Baby you take yourself out of the game. You start talking about puppy dogs and ice cream of course it's gonna be on the friend tip.
Why. So you can beat yourself up. Sitting around in that stuffy apartment. It's just plain bad for you man. It's depressing. You've come so far. Remember the first week. After she told you. You couldn't even eat.
A day.
Chelios to Roenick .
That's so bullshit. This is so bullshit.
You could make their heads bleed though.
 Is he brown.
Is she looking now.
Don't listen to him. You call whenever it feels right to you.
I know for a fact you haven't because you never shut up about it. You're like a little whiney bitch 
Sue.
And what is that Bonasera.
Your girl friend. She says she can't make it tonight. You lousy bastard you have the nerve to give your whores my telephone number. I'll kill you you bastard.
Ba Fa Goulle.
Why do you come to me. Why do I deserve your generosity.
Thirty per cent. In the first year your share would be four million dollars; then it would go up.
No.
Can I do something for you still. You're not too rich or too famous that I can't help you.
Sure.
This morning.
You mean Tattaglia.
How did you find out.
How.
Good.
Michael why must you do this. We have been lucky so far all these months you've been here we've kept your name a secret. It is from love for your father that I've asked you never to more than an hour from the Villa.
Bad news from America. Your brother Santino. He has been killed.
Hey America. Is she as rich as they say.
Has anyone been able to get in touch with him.
Then THEY hand me Sollozzo.
Yes even the shooting of your father was business not personal 
McCluskey can't stay with the Turk forever. We'll wait.
No. Our informer in McCluskey's precinct. Tonight at 8:00 he signed out for Louis' Restaurant in the Bronx. Anyone know it.
We put out a lot of material through our contacts in the Newspapers about McCluskey's being tied up with Sollozzo in the Drug Rackets things are starting to loosen up.
Mama no.
Let's say now that we have to kill McCluskey. We'll clear that up through our Newspaper contacts later.
Not so perfectly if you noticed.
I told you I had a lot of relatives.
Michael I love you.
He's coming over here.
My brother Sonny found him living in the streets when he was a kid so my father took him in. He's a good lawyer.
He's my father's godson; he owes him his whole career.
Huh.
Can I go to the hospital with you.
No you eat don't wait up for me.
On the three days Paulie was sick this month he got calls from a payphone across from the old man's building. We got people in the phone company. Thank God it was Paulie we'll need Clemenza bad.
Until the old man tells me different.
That's not how Pop would have played it.
Sollozzo and McCluskey are going to pick you up in an hour and a half on Times Square under the big Camels sign.
I do renounce him.
Forgive me Godfather let our years of friendship be my excuse. How can you hope for success there without your strength here to back you up. The two go hand in hand. And with you gone from here the Barzini and the Tattaglias will be too strong for us.
He talked to you.
I just woke up. I'm sorry.
Yes Tom Ripley's here.
Shut up.
Yes it's vile. Don't worry you don't have to come. It's great. You're going to love it.
Marge you like everybody.
Princeton is like a fog America's like a fog. This is Marge Sherwood. Tom sorry what was it.
I played piano in a few places.
The mysterious Mr Ripley. Marge and I spend hours speculating. Cold beer. Thank you Dad.
No no brothers no sisters.
Freddie.
Freddie Miles. You know he's organizing the Cortina skiing trip.
I don't know. Why are you asking me. How can it take an hour to find an ambulance.
What are you talking about.
How.
You love me and you're not marrying me.
I guess.
He was supposed to come skiing. I didn't get a cable or a call or a note or frankly a fart.
I suggest you ask Dickie that yourself. Otello's is on delle Croce just off the Corso.
I'm well thank you.
I don't care for B.S. I don't care to hear it. I don't care to speak it.
Back I suppose slowly as I can.
Sure.
I think you're right.
Is he here. Are you with Dickie.
You were going to Venice.
I'd swear he didn't. Of course he didn't.
Dickie.
Dickie hasn't killed himself. I'm sure of that. There's a private detective on the case now a Mr MacCarron Dickie's father's employing him.
And you sir. Any better.
He's having an early night.
I was looking for a needle and thread. I wasn't snooping. I was looking for a needle and thread to mend my bra.
Why do you have Dickie's rings.
That was moving wasn't it. When Meredith said Meredith's the American girl I saw last night I know her at the Opera she's been seeing something of Dickie   
How did you know that.
Okay then you're crazy.
You're such a pal to understand. It's as if Marge is here now I look at you and I see her face and I can't whatever I'm feeling towards you I just can't 
I don't is that by the Spanish Steps.
Exactly. 10.30   
Well you've spotted me and so you get the reward.
Hardly. I couldn't be less alone.
I've thought about you.
You're kidding.
Where have you been since then.
We'll be there.
That's good isn't it.
Just because he doesn't like Americans.
You look ghastly Tom. Are you okay.
Was that Meredith.
I lied. To her. She thought she'd seen you.
Or Tom and Peter even.
Peter I  I 
You're such a liar 
Inspector Roverini. Can we come in.
Yes if it's going to help certainly.
I really don't want to see anybody.
And when did you last see Signor Ripley.
You have yes.
Absolutely.
I got money.
That's the Colt25 a fine little gun. Don't do a lot of damage but it's as fast as the Devil. Handy little gun you can carry it almost anywhere. I'll throw it in for another $125.
The32's $150 and you're really getting a good deal now and all together it comes to ah seven eighty  five for four pieces and a holster. Hell I'll give you the holster we'll make it seventy five and you've got a deal a good one.
Huh.
It's hell out there all right. A real shit eatin' war. I'll say this though: It's bringing a lot of fantastic guns. The market's flooded. Colt automatics are all over.
My name is Travis.
Where do you live.
No. It was you. You had some manila folders and a pink bag from Saks.
I work a single which means there's no replacement no second man on the cab. Six to six sometimes eight. Seventy two hours a week.
Yeah well my stereo player is broke. But I'm sure the record is OK.
Your stereo broke. God I could hardly stand that. I live on music.
I'm leaving.
I mean porno movies.
My God.
It's very simple. You go your way I'll go mine. Thanks anyway Travis.
Alright forget it if you're not going to be serious
How long has he been there.
Not rouge. Blush On they call it.
No.
Well she was trying to keep her skirt down sort of you know. But it was pretty obvious what she was doing. I mean Christ it was rush hour and the traffic's practically standing still.
And what happened.
The cops and company raise hell they find out.
No just some crazy fucker. Cut half his ear off.
Where is home.
I'm a Libra too. That's why we get along so well.
Why.
God. I know where they should have a commune for you. They should have a commune for you at Bellevue.
I don't know sir. I don't follow political issues much.
We don't need any misfits around here son.
Education.
Sure.
Sure Henry. I got it all. We'll send you all the stuff all right.
Take it or leave it.
Yeah.
I wanted to ask you something on account you've been around so long.
Hey. Now there's some good news.
What do you have a FUCKING WATER PISTOL. Get him back.
For cottonmouth. Goodspeed and the S.E.A.L.s exchange looks.
I'm not a field agent all right. So cut me a break.
Forget about all that. You want to do the right thing. Then defend your name. If someone says something about you that's untrue you have to stand up and say so. I know the law and the law's on your side.
Me too.
You look  different.
Go on home folks. And thanks for the welcome.
You must not remember anything. Come on.
Mr. Appleton please tell this committee what was the nature and purpose of the Bread Instead of Bullets Club.
Mr. Appleton you will 
It's a Wonderful Life.
I remember the picture  but I don't remember where I saw it.
Like Ernie said we're all glad to have you back.
Well he loves the place. It's his home.
Mr. Fitts with all due respect I think Lawson needs the Bijou a bit more than it needs a super market. And I think Lawson deserves the Bijou. There's not a lot that can be done to help us get past the pain we've all felt 
Didn't you have any help.
Gary Cooper. And Barbara Stanwyck. Yowsa.
Son I think you loved the Bijou even more than I did. You've got to remember that. You've got to.
  Ernie.
The film broke 
Did you  did you 
Vultures 
Sandra Sinclair.
And you don't know your name or who you are that right.
Well his rent's past due and he said to call you in case of an emergency. He lose his job or somethin'.
Who the hell is this they.
Yeah well that's enough.
Ashes To Ashes.
Yes. Leo goddammit  this isn't fair.
Luke didn't smoke.
Leo she was  she was a girl I knew in college 
I can play the piano.
No I 
My name isn't Luke. It's Peter. Peter Appleton.
Well whatever Frankie's got it's catching.
The man at the post office sent me. He said you'd know the name of the little Brenner girl.
No. Just a few hours.
I guess that's where everyone meets him.
Yes I did.
I just picked up some things for the night at the general store. You see I hadn't planned on spending much time here.
Yes I know. Did something unexpected crop up.
No it's not the cut that's bothering me.
I despise it.
I think I'll have some of that too. I was seeing quite a lot of him in San Francisco you know. And then one weekend he asked me up to meet Lydia.
Because she was afraid.
I don't understand.
You get straight to the point don't you.
I'm sorry. Forgive me.
I wanted to be near Mitch. It was over and I knew it but I wanted to be near him anyway. You see I still like him a hell of a lot. That's rare I think. I don't want to lose his friendship  ever.
Then go.
Look.
Cathy.
Take them.
Could I have a puff.
I don't think your mother would like that.
Oh. Where d'you want the coffee.
Take it into the living room would you hon.
I wish I could say. But if I could answer that I could also tell you why people are trying to kill people.
Morning.
Mmmm.
Where would I get a boat.
The little Brenner girl.
Yes.
Thank you.
I hardly think either species would have the intelligence to launch a massed attack. Their brain pans aren't large enough for such 
We'll make our own fog.
A delivery Mother. Miss Daniels brought some birds from San Francisco.
 get away without thanking you in some small way. After all you haven't even met Cathy and you are staying for the weekend 
I'm simply quoting the law.
Well  So long as you know what you want Mitch.
I think he got a little scratch Mother.
You're doing fine.
I want to try for San Francisco. There are buildings there. Steel and concrete.
They won't be.
If they are.
Why. Didn't Al believe my story.
Then he saw.
Do I sound foolish to you.
Because my son is  My son seems to be fond of you. And I  I'm not quite sure how I feel about it. I really don't know if I  like you or not.
I'll just clear up here and then dress.
These birds were 
Bodega Bay. Where's that.
About an hour and a half on the freeway. Or two if you take the coast highway.
Oh.
Yes. Yes someone's got to feed them.
Yes. I understand there are different varieties it that true.
The sign says strawberry finches.
I imagine that's very important. Especially during the moulting season.
How.
We met in court.
That's true. I'll rephrase it. I saw you in court.
I'll find something else. See you in court some day.
That's right. What are you doing in Bodega Bay.
I'm sorry. What are you doing up here.
Annie. Annie Hayworth.
I think we'll have to shave the hair. Deke have you got a razor.
It's still bleeding a little. Here let me put this on.
It was no trouble at all. I simply called my father's paper. Besides I was coming up here anyway I already told you 
What did it say.
Right next to the one you already had.
Then it's settled. What time is dinner Mother.
Oh yes.
How does Mother know what I like to do.
I'm neither poor nor innocent but the truth of that particular 
The truth is you were running around with a pretty wild crowd 
 who didn't much care for propriety or convention or 
No.
I wrote the letter.
It said Dear Mr. Brenner I think you need those lovebirds after all. They may help your personality. That's what it said.
Do you expect me to believe .
Why.
I thought you knew. I want to go through life laughing and beautiful and jumping into fountains naked. Good night.
And Fridays. What do you do then.
Really. Tell me about it.
Yes of course he had to have a beard. 'Birds of the world unite.' he kept saying over and over 
And all the while that sparrow was getting in his little messages. Birds of the world unite.
After the gulls attacked.
I don't want to be safe. I want to be with you.
What. Oh yes certainly.
Do you have any lovebirds.
I might be able to have them by tomorrow morning. Would that be all right.
I thought not. Birds have been on this planet since archaeopteryx Miss Daniels; a hundred and twenty million years ago.
No one ever said you were Mitch.
It's happening. Isn't that a good enough reason.
Help how. What do you want to do.
If you don't even know what you want to do 
The point is that no one seemed to get upset about it. They were gone the next morning just as if nothing at all had happened. Poor things.
Which gulls Mr. Sholes. There are several varieties.
Probably herring gulls. They arrive in November you know and don't migrate North again until March or 
Put on your coats. Do you want to get trapped here.
Mr. Gray.
I can't do that you heard MacFarlane.
Save yourself. Master Fettes look at MacFarlane and be warned.
Where can I find him.
At Pennycuik. I know the inn. I can be there in an hour.
Yes I suppose so.
Gray killed her.
Who would believe that. And you know someone else might recognize her. She was as well known as the Castle Rock.
Dr. MacFarlane I wonder if you know what happiness you've brought those people.
What.
It was a woman when we put her in.
Why yes.
I'm by way of being a medical myself.
That's a good boy Toddy.
That has nothing to do with it. We've decided to do more lecturing and less dissection it's better for the students that's all there is to it.
What are you talking about. I am an anatomist. I know the body. I know how it works.
No I'm not afraid. Tell. Shout it from the housetops. And remember this they hanged Burke they mobbed Hare but Dr. Knox is living like a gentleman in London.
But then I wouldn't have the fun of having you come here and beg again Toddy.
Because it would be a hurt to me to see you no more Toddy. You're a pleasure to me.
What did you hear.
Yes.
I know that you kill people to sell bodies.
Give me money or I'll tell the police you murder the subjects.
That was Hare's end. Ah you should have seen him on the streets when he saw some old beldam deep in drink how he cozened her.
I'm not heartless Ma'am. I have every sympathy for you and for the little girl but if I were to consent to every operation brought to me I'd have no time for teaching and that's a great responsibility upon me Ma'am a great responsibility.
Yeah. I see doubt oozing out your arm. Where do people go when they kill their girlfriends.
I'm thinking  that explains a lot.
Bitch killed herself when she shot a cop in the leg. If she' just acted like a girl nothing would have happened. So you're right spooky. Happy.
Good thing in a situation like this.
There is no scar. I'm telling you.
How can you die if you're already dead.
You're him. Corvis.
I know her friends.
How do you know.
I don't want to see.
Give me a hand with this sack of shit.
You mean Alex.
It's not that. Really. It's just  now that he's gone I think it's time.
Stay away from me. Stay away.
It was my intention to discuss this officially with all the nations of the Earth but I was not allowed the Opportunity. I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society. We know from scientific observation that you have discovered a rudimentary kind of atomic energy. We also know that you are experimenting with rockets.
In the hands of a mature civilization these would not be considered weapons of aggression. But in the hands of your people   We've observed your aggressive tendencies and we don't trust you with such power.
If you mean that you are afraid of us  
I leave that in your hands.
I'm afraid I can't offer you any real protection. I have no influence in cases of inter planetary conspiracy.
Something dramatic but not destructive. It's quite an interesting problem. Would day after tomorrow be all right. Say about noon.
Hello darling. Good evening Mr. Carpenter.
Professor Barnhardt.
Of course dear.
Aw gee Mom I had plans to play with Mr. Carpenter.
You think it can go faster than an F  36.
Yes I think so.
No foolin'. Will you.
Why not Bobby.
Thanks Mr. Carpenter.
He told me this morning when I examined him. He's seventy eight.
The President asked me to convey his deepest apologies for what has happened. We all feel  
We're very curious about that too. Would you care to talk about it.
I was only hoping to make you understand.
My mission here is not to solve your petty squabbles. It concerns the existence of every last creature who lives on Earth.
There's only one thing I haven't been able to arrange for anyone to stay with Bobby. I don't suppose we could take him with us.
There's always somebody here but today of course they've all got plans.
You don't understand. You don't realize how important it is.
What time is it.
Gort. But he's a robot. I mean without you what could he do.
How did you get in here. And what do you want.
That's right.
He's a vampire alright.
Fine. Stay here.
The Prince of Darkness.
I've only got one question for you and I want an honest answer. Have you taken any human victims yet.
They're gonna book us.
Get your bike. We're going someplace.
You think you're cool don't you. You think you know what's really happening don't you. Well you don't know shit buddy.
If you're telling the truth it means we can save you.
I'll take you there.
A big legal war wasn't going to improve anybody's situation. We've all been through enough. Besides I was raised better than that. Thanks for having us Dad.
'Again'. Dad  you haven't had company in this house since Mom died eight years ago.
I like Michael.
Mom  please.
Can we get a T.V..
We can't talk about it on the phone.
Okay. Have you been eating pizza. You smell like garlic.
Ah  I didn't know you were having guests 
I guess if I had my choice I'd like to do something that involves children. Work with kids in some way. Teenagers maybe. And Santa Carla seems to be full of them.
Yeah. Runaways mostly. They come from all over. Attracted by the boardwalk and the ocean. Lucy  listen I know I have no right to ask you this  but don't look for another job just yet  I mean besides being the best employee I have  I think you're cute.
Oh right. I always gets those two confused.
Our batting average isn't very good is it. So far we're zero for two.
Oh. Your folks too huh.
What do you mean.
Sort of. We used to come here summers when I was kid. Now we're here on a permanent basis.
When.
Okay.
I know I've felt it 
I'm so excited I just can't hide it. I'm about to lode control and I think I like it.
Hey Sam we're flat broke.
Okay. I'll flip you for it.
Then what's the rush. You're chasing that girl why don't you just admit it. I'm at the mercy of your sex glands.
Wanna go to the comic book store.
Don't bother.
And the horse you rode in on. Sixteen for how long.. You can't predict this time of year 
Screw it I'm going up anyway.
Damn you Blair. You've already got everybody half hysterical around here.
Well who the hell you think wants to get in there with you.
I don't know who to trust.
Cut bullshit. Been pulled apart.
Now who'd go and do 
That key ring of yours is always hooked to your belt. Now how could somebody get to it without you knowing.
Was dark  find a light 
Clark you want me to come in after you..
But 
Then I'll have to kill you.
Then kill me.
Maybe we shouldn't.
I'm a real light sleeper Childs 
Yes there is. I'd like to go up.
And if it got to Clark  Clark could have gotten to anybody.
A serum test possibly.
When was the last time you used it.
What's that.
Just keep looking.
Everything that's been missing.
MacReady .
Who doesn't know the Morlocks.
How have you survived so long.
To work the machines and build the tunnels. You can't imagine what it was like when it all started. We survived for millennia scraping the lichen and microscopic organisms from the rock with our teeth and digging for water with our nails. Endlessly. For generations. And we  became.
As our bodies atrophied our minds  compensated.
Go back to where you came from. Or die here.
Alexander yours is a world of brocade and velvet not tooth and claw. Why would you come back to this. To save a few cattle. No.
After all you've seen  after man's entire journey  you still believe that.
I just love mechanical things.
Next time then. We perambulate here most every night.
I need to  um  talk to you.
I need  to talk to you.
No  let's walk through the city.
Tonight's the night.
There are some things I need to say to you. You may not like hearing them but I don't know if I'll ever get another chance   
His home.
Thank you 
Thank you 
What are you.
You liked it there.
Oh very. Learning commerce the arts the whole place was buzzing all the time. Night and day.
Looking back  I suppose it was. I didn't quite realize it at the time but 
Orion's belt 
I know what it is to lose someone. When my husband was taken from us  I thought the pain would never end.
Go back to your own time.
I have it but don't you think for one moment I'll be letting you go out in that filthy coat now go upstairs and change. I've laid out your green coat.
Ouch all right wish me luck.
Exactly correct sir.
Might I ask why.
No I mean someone considerably older. Your father perhaps.
We don't know.
I am. Are you a climber.
No you're safe   
I'm fine.
But  what about Starks.
Should we be what. Trying to change him any way we can. [Beat] Yes.
It's not my job to believe you.
[Uncertainly] In that thing the Jacket.
You just told me. The last time I was with you was when I was in the Jacket. I'm in it right now Dr. Becker.
I'm in it as we speak. [Beat] You're haunting yourself right now. [Beat] I guess sometimes we indict ourselves if no one else does. You didn't make history like you wanted to huh Dr. Becker. It turned out different didn't it.
Oh yeah sure. He killed a cop right.
I wish they'd skip the formality of this annual review and just cut our budget. Our silence on the matter should be enough to appease the civic conscience without wasting an hour we don't have.
They don't care about all the things we do right. [Beat] But they might..they might care about what we're doing wrong. [Beat] That's what they should come here to look for.
No it hasn't.
Hey can you reach the gas pedal.
What.
Yes.
Yeah I did. [Beat] He was my most memorable patient.
Why.
Why would we do that.
Because of the future. I know what's going to happen.
I did.
Yeah guess so. How'd you know.
Why.
Is it true.
[Shrugging] What if we are. There're crazier things than thinking up fictions for yourself. [Beat] Everyone does it don't they. Even Becker. That roller coaster car pops more pills than all of Ward 3.
Because in my life it wouldn't make sense for me to pick up some normal guy with a place where he's from and a place where he's going to. It'd be too simple. I probably wouldn't know how to handle a situation like that.
You like it.
[Beat] Real is overrated.
I guess not. But as of now I never knew either.
That when you stopped being a nurse.
Hon.
If waitin' tables in a bar don't make you an expert on human nature then nothin' will and I could've told you that Harlan Puckett would end up buyin' it in a parkin' lot. I'm just surprised it didn't happen before now.
How are things goin' out there.
I have no problem with that.
I know. I'd tell you if I knew. Goddamn. I know something happened or she wouldn't have left. I'm trying to remember everything. Find that fucking kid. He probably knows something.
He's got nothin' to gain by lyin'. Nothin' at all. He already got all their money. I just don't know what we're dealin' with here. Anyway it went out again last night on Nationwide Teletype. Let's just wait it out a little longer. She said she was gonna call back. Let's just sit tight.
I'm spinning.
Yeah you're startin' to feel pretty good to me too.
It's okay. I'm married too.
Tell me.
Good answer. Same goes double for me.
Wire it to the Western Union in Oklahoma City
That's the code word. I miss you peaches.
Why now Jimmy.
Damn Jimmy did you take a pill that makes you say all the right stuff.
I'm choking on it.
I wanna take it anyway. Just in case.
I've never had the chance to go out of town without Darryl.
I'll never make it  Can't we stop just for a few minutes 
Only about a hundred people saw you cheek to goddamn cheek with him all night Thelma. Who's gonna believe that.. We just don't live in that kind of world. Pull over.
Just what is that supposed to mean.
It's probably not a good idea.
Thelma. I'm not gonna talk about this. Now find another way or give me the goddamn map and I will. You understand.
That's puttin' it mildly.
Put a lid on it Thelma. It's hard enough as it is. Just let me get this part over with. Now stay here and guard the money. If there's any problem I'm in room 115.
I don't think I wanna hear what you're gonna tell me.
No.
You think you've found your calling.
Idaho.
Whaddo we do.
I'm not suggestin' that. I'm not goin' back. No matter what happens. So don't worry about me.
I always wanted to travel. I just never got the opportunity.
I swear before yesterday neither one of us would have ever pulled a stunt like this. But if you ever met my husband you'd know why I just can  You wanna step out of the car please. You wanna put your hands on your head please. Louise shoot the radio.
I believe you.
You're not gonna give up on me are ya.
You're not gonna make some deal with that guy are you. I mean I just wanna know.
I can understand if you're thinkin' about it. I mean in a way you've got something to go back for. I mean Jimmy and everything.
I know. I know what you mean. I don't wanna end up on the damn Geraldo Show.
No.
We can live in a hacienda.
It'd have to be pretty good.
And oh my God that other thing that pointing to your lap. What's that supposed to mean exactly. Does that mean pull over I want to show you what a big fat slob I am or 
We've gone insane.
Way up ahead.
Jeez I didn't catch it.
That's great Woogie I'm happy you're better you seem  good   but  you put me through quite an ordeal you know.
Well you're a writer and a lot of writers are gay. Look at Truman Capote.
Oh so I'm lucky because my brother got killed in an explosion.
Never.
Well once. Mary.
Well  at least now you know.
Huh. But why did Healy.
The most honest moment in a man's life is the five minutes after he's blown a load. That's a medical fact. And it's because you're no longer trying to get laid. You're actually thinking like a girl. They love that.
If you're so happy with them please be my guest.
From high school Mary. Yeah I saw her about six months ago at a convention in Las Vegas.
Yeah and you don't drink any less right.
Bet your ass you are. Now I don't want to hear anymore of your happy horseshit. You gotta learn how to bend a little or believe me  you're gonna break.
Who the fuck is it to you.
The sawbones.
How'd you know that.
Some buildings I'm working on.
That's what I said so I went out and got him a leash you know one of those clothesline runners for the backyard. He's got plenty of room out there to dig. The kid's really blossomed. Now I can take him to ball games movies you know happy stuff.
When you look at architecture try not to concern yourself with the pieces look at the building in its totalitarianism.
No. But the Boston Globe critic Jay Carr hated it.
Pat I'm not kidding. I really think it's the greatest   
   Love story of our time.
I get one hundred a day plus expenses.
Really. Very very.
Well she must've packed on a few pounds over the years.
Huh.
You sure big guy. I'll bet she'd love to hear from you before her mastectomy.
Japan. What's she doing in Japan.
That's right if you weren't you would've looked for her yourself.
Nice smokescreen isn't it.
No  just down the street the Amigo Tower.
Uh sort of nouveau Deco  with a big vestibule. Check it out next time you're up there.
Hey hey hey I'm not the one who started telling bald faced lies about the competition that's crossing the line.
Yeah you wouldn't believe my idea it's a home run. You ever hear of Eight Minute Abs.
I'd go with the seven.
But here's the rub. The guy I'm talking about has got to be self  employed.
No I'm not.
I've got a friend in the Boston police department. He faxed me this this morning. I'll just give you the highlights. After a short stint as a petty thief Patrick R. Healy graduated to armed robbery by the age of fourteen. At sixteen he committed his first murder a pretty teacher's aid named Molly Pettygrove. He was incarcerated until age twenty two when despite a grim psychological profile the state was forced to release him. In his mid  twenties and again in his early thirties he was suspected of homicides in the states of Utah and Washington. Unfortunately the bodies were so badly decomposed that there wasn't enough evidence to hold him and on and on and so forth and so on.
Yeah yeah. Okay I think I know what to do. I'll call him right now.
I mean dumb in the sense that they only happen once a year.
Just a minute.
You look great.
Thanks.
On your ear you've got something.
Jeez Mary  I'm 
I say they should put more meats on a stick you know. They got a lot of sweets on sticks popsicles fudgesicles lollipops but hardly any meat.
I did it because because I'd never stopped thinking about you and if I didn't find you I knew my life would never be good again.
Mary come on 
It. Oh it. All right these things happen let me have a look. It's not the end of the world.
No that's really unneces   
No no no I'll be fine. I'll just hang my shirttail out and work on it in the morning.
Jesus I think her brother spotted me.
Huh .
Tomorrow 
Somebody had to say it. I respect Adlai for having the guts to risk looking like an appeaser.
McNamara's on his way back here now. We need to pick the right ship. No subs. No armed boarding parties either. We need a little more time to figure this one out.
You mean there's something more important than votes. Didn't think I'd live to see the day Ken.
We got a bunch of smart guys. We lock 'em up together in there kick 'em in the ass til they come up with options.
So now you've got to talk him out of it. And then we've got to figure out an acceptable political solution.
No it isn't. They don't trust the people that feel this way. But these people are right. And the Kennedys are wrong. We need you to tell 'em Kenny. They'll listen to you.
We are not at war sir not until we're at DEFCON 1.
Nothing. Nothing you don't know about. Tomorrow's the big day. Just have the car ready to go if I call or if the Civil Defense Warning comes on.
   we got a back channel communication from Khruschev this evening feeling us out about a deal. He confirmed it just a little while ago in a letter to the President. I think we've won.
No. I'm glad I'm home.
I said his heart not his attention.
Well. There is a new civil rights initiative he wants to talk about.
Tell you what. We're in Connecticut tomorrow for Ribicoff. I'll get you up front with him during the flight.
They want this fucking job they can have it. It's no great joy to me.
Yeah a good political solution.
Sleep is for the weak Mr. President.
We've worked up several military scenarios. Before I ask General Taylor to lead us through the various options I'd like for us to adopt a rule. If we are going to strike we must agree now that we will do it before the missiles become operational. Because once they are I don't think we can guarantee getting them all before at least some are launched.
Breathe Carl. Four nice deep ones.
I see.
They can lead us to Jimmy. Just let them go. We're tightening the net on him. We know he's on the reservation.
Again. Figures man.
I'm a full blood Oglala Sioux born and raised on this reservation.
   did you understand me when I said that   
Airborne. That's where they used to get us agents from. Now we get 'em from Carnegie Melon Ivy League. Accountants and computer whiz kids. Yuppies with guns. That's scary shit.
Ray.
Eagle's claws and a bear's balls that's what her profile says.
   Cooch. Woh. Stop.
   Well maybe two seventeen.
You got no know how. About Indian Way. Or about Jack Shit for that matter.
He wants to know if you ever watch the Cookie Monster. He says the Cookie Monster is not to be trusted a trickster.
He said he doesn't know.
He just did the Gettysburg Address in Sioux. What did he say.
Why should I tell you.
I don't see the connection.
You want solid. That one single print he left in the Badlands the one the FBI missed and then stepped all over it belongs to a man who walks heels first. Like a white man. Jimmy has a serious Ind'n walk ball of the foot first. The man who murdered Leo walked like a Wasi'cu.
   no. No offense to the old man. I appreciate you trying to help. But I put my ass on the line coming out here man.
And I don't give a goddamn about whether you wear a badge or not Crow Horse but I didn't cut you.
You were running with the old ones. At The Knee. Heavy duty.
Listen to the water  the river keeps goin' down then rising again.
You go to the council fire. I'm going back in.
I'm from Minneapolis. Fifth Street. I did four years at Dartmouth before I ever set foot on this res. So I know about the other world Ray.
Move it Magdelana.
   You desecrated it it had to be burned.
Black Tail District X22. You ready for this. Leo wasn't killed in the Badlands. I  I found the location.
Come back.
Good.
Since I got a iron pipe put across my knees man. Fight with three wasi'cus ya know.
Miles. Three other suits. That's all I know 'em as suits. Were you there.
And on to a bigger one with you.
Was there ever a girl who didn't like fighter pilots.
What if Captain Dawson had come with me.
That's all.
And far too aggressive.
Um. You.
I thought there was something  That night in the club 
The what.
You turn into him check him out identify friend or foe.
You have to shoot him down .If he's smart he'll turn away before that happens.
Used to what.
Make what.
You ever think about killing another human being.
You don't believe any of this. You don't think you'll ever die.
Anything.
Doesn't it ever bother you.
That's not what I hear.
That's what you get flight pay for.
Maybe I shouldn't take it.
It does.
Off me or off you.
Your watch.
Oh I'll think of something  What are you doing here.
You.
Can't you feel it. I'm hanging in my straps.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN. IT DOESN'T GET TO LOOK MUCH BETTER THAN THAT.
Well it doesn't just happen you gotta do something famous.
Mister to you.
Hey see any controls back there. And anyway we beat the Son of a Bitch.
Nothing That's McGown that's Singer isn't it. GOOSE Turn around pay attention. What are you doing.
Go ahead. I can't reach. 2000 feet.
Was.
That's because you don't have any women.
Until last night. Did you see the moves I was making on that girl at the party.
He won again.
GOT 'EM. GOT GOOD TONE.
Well he's in trouble and he didn't even get here yet.
We weren't below for more than ten seconds. There was no danger. I had the shot. I took it.
The flying. The fighting. I'd go up there ten times a day to fight. I'd win at least nine of them. That's all I want to do. It's what I do best. I am real good. Just give me the jet.
Yeah Well actually no Sort of.
And you get a kickback.
Who are you.
My friend five minutes from now you won't give a shit about the people. Fire it up Doc.
If I wanted him dead you moron I wouldn't have dumped him on Earth.
Yes sir.
You better get down here.
I'm afraid that's not possible.
Nice to meet you.
Oh I get it; I'm dreaming. And this is all part of that delightful vacation your company sold me.
Are you saying she liked it.
Level 2. Galleria.
Move to Mars.
Let me finish.
Doug You wouldn't shoot me would you. After all we've been through.
As real as any memory in your head.
What's he talking about.
I don't remember you. I don't remember us. I don't even remember me.
Just wondering.
The reactor.
Aliens built it.
It's just up ahead.
I just has a terrible thought What is this is all a dream.
Then kiss me quick before you wake up.
Hang on Burt. The bastards are up to something.
I'd go for penetration. The 458 shooting solids less ammo to carry anyway.
I don't see any eyes must be totally subterranean and those tentacles 
The mountains are solid granite. We'd be safe there and we could hike along them all the way to Bixby if we have to.
Son of a bitchin' lowlife putrid scum 
Handymen Earl. We're handymen.
Goddamnit Valentine you won't go for any gal unless she fits that damn list of yours A to Z 
Damn it Val. Not having a plan is what keeps us doing jobs like this.
I'll call that little bluff. How close.
Damn straight. Now there's nothing between us and Bixby but nothing.
Val. Val.
Relax. A snake thing like that couldn't move too quick.
Oh shit.
You got <u>that</u> right.
First let's see if Stumpy's still out there.
Chuck him out the door. Like a little hors d'oeuvre.
Just about too damn long. Bolt pattern's probably wrong anyway.
Well all <u>right</u>. We just roll on out of here.
She just practically asked you for a date. What the hell is wrong..
Yeah Burt. The way you worry you're gonna have a heart attack before you get to survive World War III.
We're in deep shit over here. Let's change that plan.
Ah but consider this if we don't finish the roof we can looks at that sky all the time.
God what a stink.
You okay.
Why do you all keep asking me.
They're working together too.
And one good guy.
No it is not Mr. Dowd.
   I don't care who you are. You could've been killed. Every man and woman in here has done hard prison time. And we look out for each other.
Let's snuff this lowlife.
Eddie  I don't know about this 
Cecil Stipe. Have we seen any affadavit with that name.
Cecil Stipe. Find it.
 What do you mean.
That's why I hate experts.
I'm not that desperate.
I've seen this picture before.
  An hour. That's why I thought the morgue was on the other side of town.
I'm a professional Eddie. Getting paid is all the thanks I require.
Racist asshole came at me.
Afraid of what.
You can't. So tell me what you do know say it.
I always t tell the truth. That's why I'm here.
Did the police make any attempt to phone you to follow up.
No s sir.
Don Reynard.
My staff tells me it's been mostly drug pushers  I said that can't be the same Edward Dowd.
It's in the area of narcotics Mr. Reynard that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment.
Your client is guilty. Don't dick around with me.
I'd have that checked Mr. Reynard.
Are you implying that my motives are less than sincere.
Yes but that's not the issue. What's on your wish list Ed. Pleading Kim out to first degree man on both homicides with an agreed sentence of 15 to life running concurrent. Come on  What're you looking for here.
You're pissing me off again Ed.
Objection.
I'll take odds on Cecil Number Two.
So what'd this guy do. Snitch off a dealer.
Fighting the Aryan Warriors and the Black Guerrillas basically.
Yeah we do some of that.
What is your rank within La Compania.
No. They g got the wrong guy. I saw it. The killer wasn't Chinese.
A woman.
No shit  We killed a guy for baby laxative.
What is the world coming to when you kill a guy for baby laxative.
I'm not  Bobby I'm gonna need some more stuff. I mean it. I'm out.
Why. Why not. Where are you goin'.
Thanks Bobby. And my little round friends too.
Not that I know of. But arguments do happen don't they.
Yes they do. Did she have visitors.
OK Gordon.
What.
Oh alright. You know I liked Agent Desmond. He had his own M.O.
Someone else has it now.
Sorry to hear it.
No.
Code I've heard a lot about this.
How do you figure.
Gordon said you were good. The tailored dress is our code for drugs. Did you notice what was pinned to it.
That's good.
I don't know Sam.
Cole said she was 17.
Agent Desmond would you hold the finger for me. There's something up there.
We're not. You and I are going to get some food.
Yes it's been several hours since we've eaten. I didn't realize that so much time had past did you Agent Desmond.
I'll get my kit.
May I see the magnifying glass Agent Desmond. There doesn't seem to be enough detail in the photo to ascertain the design on the ring.
YES YOU DO DONNA. What a downer you are 
But I love you Laura.
Yep. You're right. That's why I'm here.
But Bob isn't real.
He's in love with a girl who's dead. It is dangerous for you to have it. I'm sorry.
Did you make me a tape.
I'm dealing with it Doc. Big time. Maybe I'll make you a tape tomorrow. Goodnight.
No it doesn't  just kiss me.
Gobble gobble gobble.
James 
I do love you. Let's get lost together.
Even if it offended someone I wouldn't eat a fish eye.
I saw a guy eat a fish eye once in Seattle. He was digging through his food with his chopsticks for about five minutes till he found the fish eye and he dropped it into his throat. I guess it must have gotten stuck in his uvula because right away he started to have trouble. His throat began to flutter there like there was a wind blowing. And he couldn't swallow and they rushed to him and loosened his collar and they were asking him if he was alright and he started to turn blue and his eyes started to roll back into his head and he still couldn't get the fish eye out and they tried to do a Heimlich maneuver. I went over to him as they were preparing to do an emergency tracheotomy. They were over him with a knife when he suddenly shot the fish eye out of his throat and right onto the ceiling. Splat. It just stuck up there and spread out. It was about the size of a half dollar. And that's why I don't ever eat fish eyes.
I understand.
Your hands are filthy  look there is dirt way under this fingernail.
No.
Oh I thought I saw you.
I was down the street.
I always thought you knew it was me.
You're not busy sweetheart now go.
Norma are you alright.
Ah. How did they treat you.
Nothing.
As far as we know nothing.
 tell me about this case.
I want to settle this thing and be done with it. I don't want the Archdiocese exposed.
 yes. Get her on the phone 
What does it mean.
You didn't write that figure. And how is it that you remember that so clearly after four years.
Engaged to render an opinion. For a price. Is that correct. You're being paid to be here today.
Just as you are Sir 
I know of him.
What book is that.
I'm on the staff of 
Objection.
Huh.
You were there to help Dr. Marx deliver her baby. Were you not.
Ms. Nevins nurse anesthetist; Dr. Marx of course 
'Code Blue' what does that mean .
It's a common medical expression it's a crash program to restore the heartbeat. Dr. Marx cut an airway in her trachea to get her oxygen her and the baby  Ms. Nevins 
She THREW UP IN HER MASK. Let's cut the bullshit. Say it: She THREW UP IN HER MASK.
You reached down into death. Now isn't that right.
 that's all right.
 we told them we didn't want it to come out this way.
I'm going to have you disbarred. I'm going to have your ticket. You know what you did. Do you know what you did.
You ruined my life Mister  Me and my wife  and I am going to ruin yours  You don't have to go out there to see that girl. We been going four years. Four years  my wife's been crying herself to sleep what they what what they did to her sister.
I swear to you I wouldn't have turned the offer down unless I thought that I could win the case 
From what I've seen Mr. Galvin you have a very good case 
In your opinion what happened to Deborah Ann Kaye.
No. No. Thank you. You go home.
Then you're saying there's no negligence based on my question.
I  given the limits of your question that's correct.
Is that what a good doctor would do. How old are you please.
It's a common medical term.
Whose side are you arguing . I thought that you wanted to do something. I don't have any interest in the woman's 'estate' No offense but we all know where the money's going to  I have an interest in the Hospital; and I don't want those bozos working in the same shop as me. They gave her the wrong anesthetic. They turned the girl into a vegetable. They killed her and they killed her kid. You caught 'em. Now: how many others did they kill.
Hi. How are you doing.
Uh huh. My nephew's going to be staying with us in a few months so I stopped by.
Mrs. Simmonds.
Yes.
Thank you for seeing me.
You should have taken their offer. Especially if you were unprepared.
I had a witness disappear on me.
Ready your Honor.
Overruled 
And is that what you're going to do. Is that what you're going to do .
That's not the question. It's over. Do you think that it's my fault. If I'd  if I'd  I never should have taken it. There was no way that I was going to win.
Call the A.M.A I can't talk now tell them you're Dr. Somebody  you have to find this nurse 
Mr. Alito please.
I'm calling from Professional Nurse Quarterly 
That's why I'm calling Miss Price 
No. At Chelsea Childcare. Okay. Look call me Monday hey. I'm late for work.
I do. Who is it. The Doctors. What do you owe them.
It's locked.
 we we love her Dick and me 
He's not in Sir.
Where is he.
That's for sure Frank.
Uh 
Fuck you. I got a call today from Sally Doneghy 
 You're 'sposed to be in court in ten days and she's telling me you haven't even met with them 
 he's a good man . He's the Prince of Fuckin' Darkness  he'll have people in there testifying that the broad is well they saw her Tuesday on a surfboard at Hyannis  don't fuck with this case.
 I have to stand up for her 
I have to try this case. I have to do it Mick. I've got to stand up for that girl. I need your help. Mick will you help me . Will you help me .
You got the admittance form says patient ate nine hours prior to admittance.
They still have to take it to a jury.
D'you find the obstetric nurse.
Read me what she said.
Who. They're all testifying. Everybody who was in the O.R.'s going to take the stand.
What difference can that make . All right 
We got to talk.
I don't know.
Yes the roving nurse 
We'd gone to 'Code Blue' we were administering electro 
Then our first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles.
Can you handle one of these.
It does Maybe that's why I feel kind of lost right now.
We're right in a nest of 'em  I've got to get a look at them.
They could be as curious about us as we are about them.
I wonder if they're going through this too .
From the data   and from that picture the Air Force took earlier tonight . what we've got in the gully out there is a guide ship. One lands.. Others follow later. They appear to clear an area then drop in groups of threes joined magnetically. Is that possible.
It was nearer than that.
Heather I'm stuck here. Neither Chuck or Terry came in today. I can't get away.
He was just acting very strange. He thinks somebody's after him Chase. It's scary it scared me. He was acting like 
Dylan. He's holding well. Earlier he had some problems he's in an oxygen tent just now 
Oh my God 
These look quite fresh.
He doesn't have to be awake to be on his feet.
What.
Read me some.
When it is denial. I don't think that's the case here but if you're really worried have a doctor check him out. You'll see everything's fine.
You didn't jump in.
Kids know when something's bugging a parent. You've got no idea who this is calling.
What are you talking about.
Listen dammit.
I just can't.
They wouldn't let me 
But it was you that gave Nancy her strength. So to get out he has to come through you. And it's inevitable that he'll hit you at your most vulnerable points 
Heather it's just a movie a dream really 
Now that you have a child is it possible you've decided horror is bad for children.
Black's fine.
Give me some time to Blow the man down.
It's me don't you see. Terry's right I'm the escape hatch. I disobeyed order.
All right. I'm gonna wander over and look at some shoes 
Yeah.
Gieg Chuck.
Look meet us out front when you're through. If they try to take anything away from you like Johnny Quest up there just make a list and we'll have 'em send it down to the boat.
So I'm standing there and you could hear a pin drop. No breathing or snoring  Suddenly it hits me that somethin' was goin' on that just stopped really fast like people are holding their breath.
I know.
Me either.
I was just thinking that I never had a new pair of shoes till I was twelve.
But that's not the point 
Kennet Square PA. 'Mushroom capital of the world'.
All stop on the engine.
But you invited is aboard.
Oh on the contrary the Albatross is considered a very good omen. It is said they embody the spirits of sailors passed on. It's very bad luck if you kill one. And dolphins too.
And of course we are.
Why are you here.
I can take care of myself.
How the hell are we gonna get outta here.
Lemme go. Lemme go..
Well as soon as you grow some balls let me know.
What is it  the secret.
He didn't get to be Under Secretary of the Air Force by being neighborly.
Barometer's dropping. The first blow'll come from the south. Might get interesting.
Nobody aboard my ship is going anywhere.
But they don't speak English.
Fandango Junior. I'm gonna do some limbo baby..
Then keep your mouth shut.
Excellent. Bill find Mr. Weathers a position to suit his condition.
Joy rapture 
What.
Up you go. Right now.
I can't.
I hate you you son of a bitch 
I used to helm a school ship. A long time ago.
I am accountable.
Thank you. It's listeners such as yourself who made me want to get up out of that hospital bed and back into the studio as fast as I could.
Y'all take American Express.
Twenty.
Am I scarin' ya . Your pussy wet . Come on  is it . Hey don't jump back so slow  I thought you was a bunny  Bunny jump fast   you jump back slow  Mean somethin' don't it . Means somethin' to me  Means you want Bobby Peru  You want Bobby Peru to fuck you hard baby   open you up like a Christmas present.
No way  GET OUT 
Fuck me.
New Orleans huh . We was just there.
Be easy Sailor. There's two employees. I take one in the back to open the safe you keep the other'n covered  You ain't plannin' on raisin' a fam'ly in Big Tuna are ya.
Talked to her this afternoon  While you was out.
She really say she was pregnant.
Just took a guess is all  You in or out on this deal.
This is easy money pardner  No ones gonna get hurt in this thing  And I don't think you can afford not to take it  I'll be bringin' the Eldo 'round the front of the motel at ten tomorrow mornin'  If you ain't a pussy   you'll be there.
Hey  I never said you was a pussy  Always figured you had the big ol' round balls for this kind'a thing  Sure would set you and that pretty little girl up good.
She's my girl  She's drivin'  That bother you.
Not for lack of love I can tell ya that.
If you are truly wild at heart you'll fight for your dreams  Don't turn away from love Sailor  Don't turn away from love  Don't turn away from love.
Don't fuck with me man. You look like a clown in that stupid jacket.
Why not. How was the fishin'.
Oh Johnnie Farragut  Don't you trust your very own Marietta.
No you wait right there for me  I'll be on the Piedmont flight tomorrow at seven. Meet me at the airport.
And to think what coulda happened in that king sized bed tonight 
Gee Sailor. I'm sorry honey. I never would have guessed it.
It's okay. I hardly used to see them anyway. I didn't have much parental guiding. The public defender kept sayin' that at my parole hearin'. He was a good ol' boy stood by me  Even brought me some cartons of cigarettes from time to time.
Started he couldn't remember things. Got real violent. Mama kept tellin' me it was on account of lead poisoning from cleanin' the old paint off our house without usin' a mask  But I don't know. Seems like his brain just fell apart in pieces.
And you never told nobody about it.
I just think about things as they come up. I never been much of a planner.
Too bad we all can't baby  One thing about Dell.
What's that.
Maybe my mama cares for me just a little too much 
I'd got to the far end of the world for you baby  You know I would.
You still got plenty energy for me baby.
Almost. I figure we should find us a place to stay and then go eat.
What's that honey.
Shhhhh  It's four o'clock  That woman's laugh the other day had somethin' to do with this feelin' . Like bein' ripped apart by a gorilla maybe  Grabbed sudden and pulled apart real quick by a real powerful one.
I was hopin' you would. I know that night by heart. Sometimes honey. I think it's the best night of my life.
Talkin's good. Long as you got the other. I'm a big believer in talkin' case you ain't noticed.
Lula darlin'  Makes no difference anyway  We're outta here.
Maybe there's a place we could hear some music. I feel like dancin'. We could ask someone.
You want me to drive for a stretch. Give you a chance to rest.
I just figured you was out bein' Mr. Cool 
 They was laughin' arm in arm like animals.
My mama  So Sailor our histories have been somewhat intertwined.
There's worse places honey.
Fan works.
Yeah.
Few beers is all. Feelin' any better.
And Bobby too I hear 
Boys frightened Lula. This ain't no good.
How can you say that Sailor.
What makes sense is all.
Like hell.
No mama I'm in Mexico and we're about to get on an airplane to Argentina.
Mama Sailor's in deep trouble here. I just can't leave him.
What if I asked you not to.
Perhaps we should call a local law enforcement officer.
HELL NO  That's the last thing we need  A buncha cops runnin' around.
Big is the key word and I'm telling you I want it bad.
Yes  Get rid of him.
You need to explain it.
Shoot him.
On one condition 
No  But 
One day he's gonna find out what we're up to with Mr. Reindeer and he could cause us a lot of trouble.
That's just another part of the price to pay.
Shhhhhh  Thank you gentlemen  I'll look after her now 
Well Johnnie told me you used to drive for Clyde and Santos 
I didn't see nothin' 
Is there a contract . We made a deal once that we'd tip each other off if we ever heard.
I know  I remember.
You're stoned.
She's still a transvestite.
Mm.
I just mean 
Left you . Who. Emily.
He heard everything we were saying.
Tripp.
Yes.
Back up. Go out the other way.
Think Hannah. Does James have any friends. I mean besides you and  me.
Maybe  I don't know.
Find the jacket.
Don't touch it.
The hood jumper.
'That's my car motherfucker.'
I have an alternate version of the first chapter.
Bullshit.
Better luck next time.
Who's got a gun.
As long as it looks like her I don't care. You know what I'm saying.
Grady it's Sara. Thank God you're there. You won't believe what's happened.
No. Sara you don't understand 
Yea.
It's very convincing.
It's not bad.
The one she wore on her wedding day.
You're really good friends with the Chancellor aren't you.
Can I ask you something about her.
She is. Ah. Here we go 
Mmrrmmm  KNAP SAP.
Who.
I didn't mean it that way.
I eat.
I'm not going with them.
I think maybe we're missing the point. It seems to me James' strength as a writer is that he doesn't take us by the hand. He treats us like adults. He respects us enough to forget us. That takes  courage.
I think so  What about you.
I told you Sewickly Heights.
It beats 'What's your major.'
Uh huh. Well thanks for the thought but as shocking as this may sound I'm not the first writer to sip a little weed. And furthermore it might interest you to know that one book I wrote as you say 'under the influence' happened to win a little something called the PEN award which by the way I accepted 'under the influence.'
I got the message you called too.
That's funny. I need to talk to you too. Perhaps you could put some of these coats in the upstairs guest room Professor Tripp.
And. Are you going to tell him.
It's it's a souvenir. Of Baltimore.
Caps.
No. I mean. Well actually yes. Sort of. I don't remember. Listen Sara I have to tell you something.
I'm sorry Sara. I've been trying to tell you. It's all my   
And you're old.
Some times 
I'm your man.
Sure it is.
Tony. I'm sorry if things didn't work out so well for you tonight. With Terry.
Excuse me.
Nevertheless I'd like to see you in my office Monday morning.
I'm not going to stalk her. Hank. I just  want to know where I stand.
Nothing's wrong. They went to Wellesley together.
Ah right. The book.
The perpetrator.
I haven't heard of half of those.
I told her all my relatives are good  looking.
Oh man that kid takes himself real serious.
Booming. Lots of building going on. We can't keep up with all the work. In fact I just hired a few new guys 
Annette. She's good  tense.
She'll be twelve next week. We're throwing a big party on Saturday. Wish I could ask you to come 
It's a nice table.
I made that table for you and Annette for your wedding. I put a lot of love into it.
Soon.
You should see my appointment book. It got crazy.
Why not.
They're extremely aggressive birds. Plus their habits are rather filthy.
It's a bright sound.
Robin.
Unusual design for a contemporary piece.
They grow outside don't they.
You going to take me on a nature walk.
I fell asleep.
A man was badly beaten across the street. You know anything about that.
It's a free country isn't it.
I count my blessings.
I'm adjusting okay.
Apartment's okay.
What.
I will be in three months. I can't wait. I hate being eleven. It has to be the stupidest age in the world.
Your daddy will always love you.
Do I take okay to mean you feel good about working there.
You seem a little hostile today.
No need to call me doctor. I'm a therapist not a psychiatrist.
No way.
Of course.
Have you talked to Carlos about your concerns.
I mean when will I be normal.
We have a lot of work to do.
Do you know what normal is.
They usually tell me.
Fuck you Rosen.
I know   
I don't know.
What.
To relax.
I don't see   
Not so fast.
In my bed Rosen. Where do you think.
In my bed too.
I don't like nobody behind my back.
I'm all right.
It's fucking freezing out here.
They're all assholes.
Yeah.
I get that impression.
Yeah.
I molested little girls.
I'm sorry Walter.
My father was an alcoholic who drank himself right into the grave.
No you don't.
I love all of them. They're strong gentle men with families of their own. And if you asked them about what they did to me they'd call you a fucking liar and then beat the shit out of you.
Are you serious.
Not ever.
I need a shower.
Doesn't mean you had to marry her.
No way that could just be seawater.
Kirkhill. That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole. Hey Perry.
Hey you okay.
No I haven't seen him in a few weeks.
What happened.
Bud something really important is happening here.
It's trying to communicate.
Somewhere behind this panel. Hold this.
I drown you tow me back to the rig  
WHAT KIND OF PLAN IS THAT 
Do we just leave him there.
Got it. Over.
You watch yourself.
Missed what.
Happy as hogs in a waller down there prob'ly.
You're right  I don't. I just need to know that this thing is out of here. You hear me Roger Ramjet.
How deep.
I don't know  It depends on Ettore  He's now in the process of negotiating for a contract here in Sicily 
I mean to stay away longer two months  a year  three years  Yes I know it sounds absurd. And I feel awful. The very idea of losing you makes me want to die  And yet  I  I just don't have the same feeling for you any more.
I'm thirsty.
But how could we at a time like this when we just  well let's at least first have a look around the other islands. Could be that something might turn up there.
But even here we were supposed to find who knows what  And all we bring back with us is a crate of cigarettes.
As you wish.
That seems to apply to you also 
Yes very much so.
But sooner or later we've got to end this relationship. And it's better to do it right now.
I'm sorry. I didn't want to sound cynical. But isn't it better to look things squarely in the eye.
Me  I  I  Please leave me alone.
Because what I'm doing is so ugly.. Because if you told me right now: Claudia I love you I would believe you 
But just think the very same things you had said to her who knows how many times  maybe even just before we left while I was waiting outside your place 
No reason why 
No Sandro  We should go. Besides we haven't been in touch with anybody. Not even with Anna's father. We should have at least sent a wire or telephoned  let's be fair he must be feeling awfully lonely.
Why.
Better dead.
Have you ever been in love.
I imagine he must be inside sleeping.
When one approaches fifty my dear he is affected only by the cold.
I'll go even further and say that her presence here I don't want to sound offensive could be a great hindrance.
Yes yes of course.
What has everybody got against me this morning.
Anybody can hold a brush in his hand. All you need is to buy some oils and start painting. Even Rembrandt did the same.
I thought the model was something obsolete nowadays. Didn't you Claudia.
Why don't you try.
Answer me why don't you try posing. I'll paint you a beautiful portrait.
So that's why you've turned to smuggling eh. You need the money. Now I can help you. I can see that you get some assistance from the government. But first there's a little formality we've got to take care of. Just a few questions and then we can all go to lunch  Your friend tells me you dropped anchor three times 
Don't mention it  Pleased to be of service any time.
But where did you come from.
Yes even I had a mother. She was part Austrian but she was still my mother. My childhood was like a tennis match; they bounced me back and forth here and there 
You know I don't love anybody.
I know dammit I know. And just think if there ever was a woman so right so perfectly cut out for all kinds of dissipations degradations infidelities  of.. of  of debaucheries it's her. Well anyway she's faithful. Faithful out of laziness  of unwillingness.
I would like to ask you something.
Then let's call it a business proposition. Something to round out your salary.
I do I have to be attractive to God.
Who tells you these things.
Christ said it in the Bible he said   suffer the little children I want to suffer like a little child.
Who.
I don't know.
In the medieval days the nuns and monks would sleep in their own coffins.
No.
Well who in particular.
I love you.
Well do you love  do you love Father Martineau.
Often.
Where do you meet.
Why should they.
What baby.
From their heads 
After God  before the waste paper basket.
Martha Louise Livingston.
I can't have them any more.
She was kind to me. She told me I was beautiful.
Numbers  you can spend your whole life counting and never reach the end.
Oh I've got to give up smoking. Agnes.. wait a minute  Agnes slow down.
What things.
Did your mother see angels often.
  and that you don't believe you carried a child.
And you're unhappy.
I can't.
She can.
How.
That you're a mistake.
Are you intelligent.
I'm not mistake I'm here aren't I. How can I be a mistake if I'm really here. God doesn't make mistakes you're a mistake 
Because I wasn't worthy.
Why.
It grew.
No.
Do you remember what just happened.
Why.
Yes.
Agnes it had nothing to do with the hand of God. He did a terrible thing to you do you understand.
No 
Agnes who did you see.
Agnes who did this to you.
I don't remember.
She  left me alone with that little thing and I looked at it and I thought this is a mistake. But it's my mistake not Mommy's. God's mistake.
Thanks 
Maybe there's something that's not in the report that should be.
I can get you new evidence next week.
I remember when you was a little girl Marie. You come back from the movies and you'd say   Mama that ending was so sad  and I'd tell you they had all the happy endings locked away in a vault in Hollywood. And you believed me.
Who told you this.
Well somone's got to suffer for this Doctor. You've got to be merciful and quick. Excuse me.
No one.
We're examined once a year. Her pregnancy fell in between the doctor's visits.
And you didn't try to find out who.
From other nuns  Yes I  I've noticed.
In her case it isn't. She's had very little schooling. Her mother kept her home almost all the time and when her mother died Agnes came here to us. She's never been out there Doctor. She's never seen a movie or a television show. She's never even read a book.
But she didn't  did she. If anyone had seen what I'd seen she'd be public property  newspapermen psychiatrists ridicule. She doesn't deserve that.
Nuns  you hate nuns.
  or bullied or what ever you're doing. Who the hell do you think you are. You go around here expecting applause for the way you treated this child.
Do you remember anything unusual happening at the time.
I didn't tell you because I didn't think it was important.
Why didn't you. You knew she was keeping her home from school. You knew she was an alcoholic.
Why didn't you do anything to stop her.
Stupid woman  and that's all.
So you left the Church because you had freckles.
Pipe.
Become. One is born a saint.
Begin what.
You'll never find the answer for everything God did.
But she is not an enigma Mother. Everything that Agnes has done is explainable from modern psychiatry. One two three right down the line.
That's what you believe she is. The sum of her psychological parts.
If you believe this is murder it is the Crown attorney you have to talk to not me. And definitely not Agnes.
Hasn't she had enough.
Why do you insist upon pressing 
Too late for what.
The baby.
No.
They are.
Oh don't be so stroppy.
I'm a deserter too.
They'll be here.
Oh now they can't do that to me. It's all your fault. Oh yes it is and if they don't turn up I wouldn't be in your shoes for all the 
That's right retreat behind a smoke screen of bourgeois cliches. I don't go round messing about with your ear phones do I.
Sorry.
I see you go to the night court.
Ta.
No. I mean it's probably a honeymoon couple or a company director or something.
Wake up.
It's Paul's grandfather.
Well.. go 'head do the next bit.
I've got you worried haven't I.
Oh it's the way you talk.
Don't mench.. well why don't you give us a few more lines like.
Aye I knew you were.
Oh aye a sledge.
But the way you did it then sounded so phony.
They ought to be.
What are you.
Why. I mean which are you scared or selfish.
And cunning.
And what do you do about it.
Quite right invites to gambling dens full of easy money and fast women chicken sandwiches and cornets of caviar disgusting.
Have you no natural resources of your own. Have they even robbed you of that.
Aaah.. stop picking on me  you're as bad as the rest of them.
Yeah.. funny really 'cos I'd never thought of it but being middle aged and old takes up most of your time doesn't it.
Shush. Have they roughed you up yet.
I'll go on a hunger strike. I know your caper. The kidney punch and the rabbit clout. The third degree and the size twelve boot ankle tap.
Get Lloyd George over there with that mechanic in the cloth cap while I sort this lot out.
Hello.
But I'm clean.
It's all taken care of. It's down on our bill.
And I take a left handed view of life I've got to.
Oh it's a laugh a line with Lennon. Anyroad up.. It's all your fault.
You're a swine isn't he George.
Come on Shake we'll leave 'em to their penmanship.
You wouldn't.
Y'what.
Don't start. Look.
Someone put it on me.
But 
Oh him  He's been lurking.
Well line of sight is impossible due to dust. Radar gives me noise. Sonar gives me noise. Infrared noise. Let's try ultraviolet. There. Flat. It's totally flat. A plain.
Then take her down.
You want to try.
I don't know  I'm getting these <u>CRAMPS</u>.
What. <u>Why</u>.
All over the ship; we'll have to check the charts to know for sure.
No I don't want us separated.
Right.
Isn't there some way we can get it off him.
It wouldn't come.
How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid. It's dead.
Yes.
The machine will bring his temperature down. His vital functions are strong.
Good.
I've completely lost their signal.
We're not going anywhere.
I guess I had it coming. Let's call it settled.
We sure need this flamethrower.
In symbolic form  very stylized  but if you stare at it you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with.
You will notice though that there are no more phases. Only four forms are shown. After that the pattern repeats.
If you press the button right now it will blow the whole nose of the ship off.
Feast your eyes.
All right. Now just remember: keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise. Martin do you read me.
Sun will be down in a minute.
We're just plain lucky. That could have gone right through the hull taken <u>weeks</u> to patch it.
We're going into the freezers now.
Room by room corridor by corridor.
Time and space have no meaning out here. We're living in Einsteinian equation.
That tube must be depositing it in him.
They never made it off the planet. The parasites won.
Let's hear it.
Computer you have signalled a priority three message. What is the message.
Well it's finally happened.
Nontoxic  but unbreathable. Pressure.
Well we won't need pressure suits but breathing masks are called for. Sandy can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source.
I've always respected your opinion Martin. If something worries you it worries me.
We'll have to go into quarantine maybe for quite a while.
Right now let's keep it closed.
That'll blow the ship up.
We figured on it being a magnetic anomaly but we ran a back trace just to make sure.
Cassie thank Christ. We're under attack.
We're what..
Seven minutes ago the third course change in an hour. Those incomings are going to skim past the communications platform just a little too close for comfort.
We've dumped the whole data base from one of the cleaning remotes into the helmet. It'll project the route through the sewer system onto the inside of the glass as you go.
Next time you have a thought like that. Keep it to yourself.
I dunno.
Take a look at this.
I've seen this mother De Vries. We can bag it no problem.
Hey fair enough. If you won't come I'll handle it myself.
Yeah I got it.
How.
Okay.
Which mean physically going outside.
How tight are these shafts.
Have you got an updated Lloyds' Almanac to cross reff them through.
I just  wanted to be put on my own for a while. Clear my head.
Didn't feel like whoopin' it up with the rest of us blue collars huh.
Yeah 'Good Evening' to you too.
Miss Harrington's resting Mr. deWitt. She asked me to see who it is 
I expected to find this little room overcrowded with a theater full of people at your feet 
I don't think I've done anything to sound off about.
It needn't be.
I'd love to. Or should I pretend I'm busy.
  perhaps more than one. There's so much I want to know. I've heard your story in bits and pieces  your home in Wisconsin your tragic marriage your financial attachment to Margo   it started in San Francisco didn't it. I say   your idolatry of Margo started in San Francisco didn't it.
Yes. The Shubert.
I'm not surprised. After all that humble pie 
Nothing of the kind. Karen and I had a nice talk.
Oddly enough   she didn't say a word about Margo. Just that she'll be happy to do what she can to see that I play the part.
And tomorrow morning you will have won your beachhead on the shores of Immortality 
Did I say killer. I meant champion. I get my boxing terms mixed.
We're.
What else.
Lloyd Richards is commercially the most successful playwright in America 
We sat and talked Addison. I want a run of the play contract.
Very well plainly and distinctly. Although I consider it unnecessary   because you know as well as I what I am about to say. Lloyd may leave Karen but he will not leave Karen for you.
Take your nap now. And good luck for tonight.
Couldn't go on. You'll give the performance of your life.
Why not.
Max has gone to a great deal of trouble it's going to be an elaborate party and it's for you.
It's the same thing isn't it.
Well I can't yell Oh butler can I. Maybe somebody's name is Butler 
And too many of them are produced.
You've heard of her great interest in the Theater 
I refer to your new and unpregnant understudy. Eve Harrington.
Was she that bad.
Where.
That's nice.
As of this moment you're six years old 
You're my girl aren't you.
Sing it.
She's a girl of so many rare qualities.
I've always denied the legend that you were in 'Our American Cousin' the night Lincoln was shot 
Mad. Darling there are certain characteristics for which you are famous   on stage and off. I love you for some of them   and in spite of others. I haven't let those become too important to me. They're part of your equipment for getting along in what is laughably called out environment   you've got to keep your teeth sharp. All right. But you will not sharpen them on me   or on Eve 
You know nothing about feelings natural or unnatural.
Eve. How enchanting  Wherever did you get the idea of having Eve read with Miss Caswell.
You're being terribly tolerant aren't you.
It's time you found out. I love you. I love you. You're a beautiful and intelligent woman a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness every reason but due to some strange uncontrollable unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical screaming harpy. Now once and for all stop it.
Margo let's make peace.
Yes dear.
Is that what you want me to be.
Everything.
  and for you.
You hear all kinds of things.
No thanks Birdie.
She's got two things to do   carry clothes an' press 'em wrong   an' just let anybody else muscle in 
Night an' day.
I   I guess I fell asleep.
Lots of actresses come from Brooklyn. Barbara Stanwyck Susan Hayward   of course they're just movie stars.
Why should you think I wouldn't be.
Eve. Eve Harrington.
I'll be at the old stand tomorrow matinee 
I'd like that.
Well   if she's got to pick on someone I'd just as soon it was me.
Don't bother I can take it up myself 
Oh but there is 
Some vague promises of a test that's all   if a particular part should come along one of those things 
I'll never get over it.
I wish I could believe that.
Thank you Karen.
It seems I can't think of a thing you haven't thought of 
I find these wisecracks increasingly less funny. 'Aged in Wood' happens to be a fine and distinguished play 
I just never think of Lloyd as anywhere but indoors and anything but sitting down.
We're never deeply angry we just get sore. The way you do. We know you too well 
Why should he   and why should you.
You'll be there won't you.
The critics thought so the audiences certainly think so   packed houses tickets for months in advance   I can't see that either of Lloyd's last two plays have hurt you any.
It's just possible she didn't 
Margo. Margo's great. She knows it. That's the trouble. She can play Peck's Bad Boy all she wants and who's to stop her. Who's to give her that boot in the rear she needs and deserves.
I just don't want Margo to miss her train. As it is she'll barely make the theater 
Just a little skid that's all. This road's like glass.
That was a pity 
If we could cast it properly that is 
Now just a minute.
I have no possible interest in anything she'd have to say.
Nothing much. She apologized.
When you do let me in on it.
Margo you haven't got any age.
I know what I'm talking about after all they're my plays 
It seems almost inconceivable that I haven't seen her backstage but with so many people loitering around  well well. So Eve is not working for Max after all Max you sly puss.
You'd have been proud of her.
Then you listened as if someone else had written you play   whom did you have in mind. Sherwood. Arthur Miller. Beaumont and Fletcher.
I don't think I could be.
I feel right now like there's one burning in me.
When's the audition.
A couple of weeks.
But what could she do.
Promise.
I promise.
  I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia.  
  Bradlee went to Harvard  
  Hunt doesn't seem like your ordinary consultant.
About the past year.
   fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP  
Christ and I even know somebody at the phone company  
  you do.  with access to records.
My first day as a copy boy I was sixteen and wearing my only grown up suit  it was cream colored. At 2:30 the head copy boy comes running up to me and says My God haven't you washed the carbon paper yet. If it's not washed by three it'll never by dry for tomorrow. And I said Am I supposed to do that. and he said Absolutely it's crucial. So I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desks and take it to the men's room. I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak and he says What the fuck do you think you're doing. And I said It's 2:30. I'm washing the carbon paper. Just wanted you to know I've done dumber things than get us lost that's all.
We appreciate your position  really.
We'd like to wait til we have all five before we print it.
  the lookout in the Motor Inn.  he say anything we don't know.  
  shit  
  I know a lawyer at Justice  
You think this was Clawsen's initiation.
I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun.
  he said John Haldeman not Bob Haldeman  
Only everything 
  jeeeeeeesus  
He is not in the car. Sorry.
By they you mean .
During the Florida primary you wrote a letter on Muskie stationery saying Scoop Jackson had a bastard child. You wrote another that said Hubert Humphrey was out with call girls.
I don't know anything about Haldeman except Dwight's frightened of him   everybody's frightened of him  Christ I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this  all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit swim see some girls.
Can't help you.
  I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Toronto. That was your spiel then. The Lifestyles of Deserters. I'm still waiting for it.
  there's nothing new in it  
Lot of pressure at the Star. Carl when we got married you were four thousand dollars in debt; when we split you were solvent. That may prove to be the outstanding single achievement of my life and now look at this. How much did the damn bike cost.
Five hundred; six maybe.
  it was all in hundreds wasn't it.
Something maybe big.
Just tell me about the goddamn article.
Irwin. I really feel bad doing something like this  you know that don't you.
We were never told flat out Don't talk. But the message was clear.
Kalmbach  Nixon's personal lawyer.
  it's gotta be Haldeman  someone from the White House had to be involved  
  you double checked both sources.  
My non denial denial.
The FBI thinks it's possible  the Democrats need a campaign issue corruption's always a good one. Get off the story Ben  or put some people on McGovern's finances; fair is fair even in our business.
Is he on the level of Assistant to the President or not.
Electronic surveillance.
A Miami social occasion. Mr. Rafferty told me the Cubans were from Miami.
That's a bullshit question that's a question straight out of Wichita Kansas.
I'm a proper citizen I'm a decent man I don't do anything that isn't decent or proper. I know I shouldn't tell you this 
Because the press stinks too  history on the run that's all you're interested in. You come up with anything.
This man Gordon Liddy  he's going to be tried along with Hunt and the five burglars  we know he knows a lot we just don't know what.
In my day it was simply called the double cross. I believe the CIA refers to it as Mindfuck. In our context it simply means infiltration of the Democrats.
Why didn't they.  who told them not to.
Howard Hunt here.
Good God.
Where.
Some Justice Department lawyers and an FBI man and some people from the Committee to Re Elect yes ma'am.
Preliminary hearing at Superior Courthouse.
I can't sell hints to Simons  you called everyone you know. Call someone you don't know.
The most powerful man in America is President Nixon probably you've heard his name.
Woodward's onto a new wrinkle with the break in thing  absolute page one stuff  
I know I did but damnit Howard   For the first time since I've known him I think he's really humping 
  political personal sexual anything at all against Mitchell.  
When so ordered.
We're not sure we've got all the guys who could order you but we know there were five.
One thing I'm not completely clear on  when you gave out the money to Liddy how did that work.
Of course  everything they asked  
  I already get the Post. I don't need another subscription.
Finch. Where were you last night. What happened to the foolproof plan.
Mochaccino. Actually in the spirit of the pact I do need to ask for your cooperation in one small matter.
What are we gonna hear.
You're gonna shit your pants.
Yeah. Right uh huh. I feel like I've discovered this whole new side of me. Music is so expressive.
I mean it really bothers me when people try to pigeonhole me like that.
Well the same things you do. Hang out with friends and stuff you know whatever. What do you think I do.
Oh well that's okay. Cool.
You can call me Oz.
Yeah. Well you can't fake your way through this. You better practice.
Yeah well my parents wanted me to go to Northwestern. I didn't want to write all those extra essays they make you do I mean how am I supposed to know what my most emotionally significant moment was. So when my U of M acceptance came in December I said the hell with it.
Onions.
I know. Salt and pepper.
You're missing the game for us..
Then don't.
You got it stud.
Then what the hell are you talking about.
You can crash at Stifler's.
Anything. Just tell her it looks like she needs an extra hand or something.
He's going in.
You fuckin' rule.
Is it because we have a test tomorrow. Sometimes I get cranky when I know I have a big test to study for.
Yes. Seriously.
Okay. You want a story. Here's a story. Stifler finds this beer right. And 
Okay.
She's a mermaid dude.
No Kevin you.
Apple pie  McDonald's or homemade.
No. Her sponsors here saw the thing on the net. I don't think they liked it.
Um okay 
Nadia I can't   
Kevin this is serious.
Kevin  I want to have sex with you.
Yeah.
I don't know. How do you.
No Kevin That's the whole thing that's what I've been realizing. That nothing's perfect that you can't plan everything.
Just dial 976 Asshole.
Does it tell me how to get laid.
Qualify for what.
It's early Springsteen dude this is classic. This was before the cheesy remake.
I know but think about it At the parties that night. Chicks are gonna want to do it.
I think we're falling in love.
Depends if my date wants to stop by.
That junior chick.
Yep.
Are you crazy.. You know that's totally impractical. Besides like the Bible says  An eye for an eye 
But you better hurry.
Up to there. Really. I bet I could beat that.
Uh huh  And supposing I believed that what could I do about it.
Uh huh. Good for you.
Like an underground club.
Yes. It's a bad place. Weird people. Strange things go on.
No I . Andy you can't be sure.
Shut up. You fucking shut up. What do you want. Huh. What the hell do you want.
What.
Yeah. In New York we got an expression too. Goes like this 
Before the coma.
Or else what. You'll kill me.
No. But I'll kill your fucking girlfriend.
And you call me a moron 
Why isn't it doing anything..
I leave these open. Maybe something comes back to you.
You think it's silly. But do you realize that young man is actually in a deep sleep.
Yeah well if I claw my face off just pack it in ice okay. Jesus  the cops were probably right. My uncle was messed up with a bunch of fry brains and they went berserk on him.
It's chemistry Andy. Nothing more. Mutated antigens concentrated in the heart of the infector unlock a vaccine  like chain reaction in the infectee. There were not many bio chemists working in the twelfth century but with today's technology it's possible to synthesize any chemical imaginable. When I discovered this ancient cure I knew who to go to.
Right. Listen my uncle it's not serious is it. Did he eat some bad snails. Slip on the bidet. What.
I don't know. There were others much closer. He was religious.
Don't give me your black magic bullshit. Seven mutilations in forty eight hours and all you find is a scrawny American boy. Do you have a motive. Do you have a weapon. Or do you want me to believe he did it with his own two hands.
Your uncle was carrying this. The keys to his apartment are in there. I talked to his assistant Madame Flocquet. You'll be staying there a while.
I'm not sure but look.
You must have.
Anastasia's grandmother is in Paris. We're going to bring Anastasia to her   in Paris.
Trying  to  breathe 
Sad.
No not about the ceremony Anastasia   do you understand the choice you must make.
Is it. Is this what you want.
You can't go back to find your home. Your home is in your heart in the future that you make for yourself.
Oh my God. Don't do that.. feel my heart. Go ahead. I'm dying here..
And what do you want my little rat with wings.
How do you know.
Would you have leaned over Rembrant's shoulder and told him to paint faster.
You gave the orders.
Once in a while you know. I mean you know every now 
that I've got to  ah  ah  They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes then I gotta go out there I gotta.. get laughs too. How much can they laugh. They they they're laughed out.
Do you feel all right.
Alvy.
If they they recovered the shells from that rifle.
Yeah Earl Warren.
You're using this conspiracy theory as an excuse to avoid sex with me.
Two hours. No u uh I'm going in. I'm going in.
The alarm clock.
I mean you've been married before you know how things can get. You were very hot for Allison at first.
Look I told you it was a  mistake to ever bring a live thing in the house.
Come on Alvy they're only baby ones for God's sake.
Okay it's in. It's definitely in the pot.
All right here. Oh God it's disgusting.
You have a car. So  I don't understand why  if you have a car so then then wh why did you say Do you have a car . like you wanted a lift.
Oh you do.
You keep it nice. Can I ask you is this is this a sandwich.
Huh. Oh yeah.
Narcolepsy right right. Right. So anyway so  George uh went to the union see to get his free turkey be because uh the union always gave George this big turkey at Christmas time because he was  shell shocked you know what I mean in the First World War. Anyway so so  George is standing in line oh just a sec  uh getting his free turkey but the thing is he falls asleep and he never wakes up. So so  so he's dead.. he's dead. Yeah. Oh dear. Well terrible huh wouldn't you say. I mean that's pretty unfortunate.
Oh thank you.
Well I mean I meet a lot of  jerks you know 
Yeah.
Yeah you know something. I never even took a lesson either.
And and uh there's gonna be all that tension. You know we never kissed before and I'll never know when to make the right move or anything. So we'll kiss now we'll get it over with and then we'll go eat. Okay.
Okay.
Those are the two categories 
M'hm.
Yeah he's the Mafia. Linen Supply Business or Cement and Contract you know what I mean.
Unbelievably sexy. Yes you are. Because  you know what you are. You're you're polymorphously perverse.
Of course.
What. Hey listen what what do you think. Do you think we should uh go to that that party in Southampton tonight.
Oh no Alvy please. Alvy please. M'mrnm.
Who cares. Who cares.
Tsch. Rea  All this happened in the first hour.
Oh and God Alvy I did  this really terrible thing to him. Because then when he sang it was in this real high pitched voice.
Will it change your wife.
Life. I said life.
There's a spider in the bathroom.
It really is lovely. It's in the bathroom.
Okay okay. Okay.
Boy this is really a nice screening room. It's really a nice room.
I'm cool.
Yeah and gradually you get old and die. You know it's important to make a little effort once in a while.
This Denial of Death. You remember this.
Hey this one's mine this button. This one you rem 
Yeah.
Okay. Check please. Can I  can I  Can I  Can I 
No. Yes of course I'm mad because you love me I know that.
The Grammys. He's got a lotta records up for awards.
Right. Tsch well I have to I have t o go now Duane because I I'm due back on the planet earth.
Six year old boys don't have girls on their minds.
Okay okay my analyst just thinks I'm too tense. Where's the goddamn Valium.
My head is throbbing.
You catch Dylan.
The only word for this is trans  plendid. It's trans plendid.
I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics. Look  there's God coming outta the men's room.
It's unbelievably trans plendid. I was at the Stones concert in Altamount when they killed that guy remember.
Yeah were yuh. I was I was at an Alice Cooper thing where six people were rushed to the hospital with bad vibes.
Oh no no don't be  tsch  don't be silly. You know I'm startin' it I'm startin' to get some feeling back in my jaw now.
Uh oh I don't know. It might have been Leopold and Loeb. Hello. Oh hi  Uh no what what's the matter. What what what. You sound terrible  No what  Sure I  Whatta yuh what kind of an emergency . No well stay there. Stay there I'll come over right now. I'll come over right now. Just stay there I'll come right over.
This is uh Shawn and uh  Bob and Petronia.
Trigger.
Sure. just don't don't get angry you know what I mean. 'Cause I I have   I have my my license here. You know it's a rented car. And I've 
Ah Max you uh 
Let's get the hell outta this crazy city.
You'll total the whole car.
While you're out here Max I want you to see some of my TV show. And we're invited to a big Christmas party.
Yeah well that's why this machine is dynamite.
No no my you know my stomach felt queasy all morning. I just started getting 
Oh Max  no I maybe I better lie down.
Whee you shoulda told me it was Tony Lacey's party.
What difference does that make.
Oh no no that's bullshit Max. He goes with that girl over there.
You're an actor Max. You should be doing Shakespeare in the Park.
But she's colored.
They're persecuted enough.
No.
You think so. Do you really.
Well hi.
No no no not at all.
 of possibly working together.
And we could just sit and talk  nothing. Uh not a big deal it's just relax just be very mellow.
I really enjoyed it. Nice to have metcha. Good night.
I was a great beauty.
To code.
I hate the sight of blood. You guys don't take prisoners.
Absolutely not.
Leo. It was out to Jude Law. Jude passed.
What what's about.
I'll be fine. Really babe. Give me a minute.
I'd love a Xanex. Sally please don't tell Sophia that I'm not breast feeding.
It's not going to come up.
With a sitter. We have a sensational sitter. Jonah's really comfortable with her. You know a second mom sort of. Like part of the family. Amazing with kids.
And you're not the wife.
Can I open it.
Sally.
I'm not so sure. Look again in three months.
Just did. Jealous.
Hey. Thanks buddy.
The realtor'll be here tomorrow in the morning. The house had to go on the market to insure the loan on the London flat.
We've only been over this how many times.
I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world.
For good.
Okay. Last one to find Otis is a smelly old bum.
He'll find his way back.
Or shitty.. Otis..
Otis .
Otis good boy come here. Oh my god oh my god oh my god.
I'm not sure we understand that word in the same way.
And how hard it hit.
Just stop right there Sally. We've been through this.
You've been through it. That's how you love people. When it's easy for you when it's convenient for you.
Sally first of all you're talking bullshit. And second 
Hello. Last birthday was.
Your director and your co star of your current movie. Don't dish if you can't take it Sally.
Don't.
You're not ready.
Everybody hates the messenger.
Life gets messy. Ugly messy. But I don't understand you. And I don't think I ever understood Lucy. I don't understand throwing it away. How do you throw all that away. Any of it. I want it all. You guys want guarantees. I want the possibilities. And all kinds of crap comes with that. A lot of bad shit. And I think that's okay with me because because of the rest of the stuff. All the good shit. All the surprises. It's a fucking miracle when you come down to it. We'd have had amazing children you and me. We'd have had a ride. You'd have surprised yourself. I'll never love anybody else you know.
Me too.
Will you make love with me.
She'll never call again. She called last week to tell me she'll never call again. Where's Sally.
I'll do it.
Thanks I'll take that. Champagne.
Lovely.
Congratulations on the deal. How exciting. Is Sally doing Sally. I mean it's Sally. The character that's based on Sally. The character that's based on Sally in the book.
No.
Joking.
Ah.
Hey I'm happy for you buddy. Anything I can do.
Very well put.
I'll be your best friend.
Let's go for a walk.
Here drink this. Drink lots of water. Hold on to this. Take deep breaths. Nice and slow. Would you like a lolly.
Okay.
Lemon.
He has to find non smoker's meetings that used to be almost impossible you know. It's gotten much better.
I'm so glad. You know I recognize that passage in your book. The bit about us running into each other in the movie theatre.
Not good.
I left the gate open and Otis got out. He could get hit by a car.
Are you working on a new book.
Well whoever did this is amazing.
I 
Will champagne help.
It could be worse.
I didn't hear me say tonight.
Well something's wrong.
Thanks.
I thought it was okay where it was.
It's much more personal in here.
No no not at all  I mean I've still got plenty of time. Don't I. I mean I still have a good six years whatever. We could have three kids yet if we wanted. And I know I've always said I never wanted kids and I didn't  but this year I really truly feel ready 
Cal knows who he is. Did you notice how happy Joe was when the drugs came out tonight.
Thank goodness. Breaktime.
I'll make myself available Listen better watch out with the backtalk. I don't know want you to end up like the guy who used to work next to me. I'm afraid he got  <u>downsized</u>.
No an <u>individual</u>.
Really.
I'm Princess Bala.
Climb up that tree and get a better view.
I was <u>slumming it</u>. I danced with you because you were the most pathetic specimen in the place.
Look. How many other Princesses are there.
Well no but   
I'm the Princess aren't I.
Be honest kid am I hurt bad.
Outstanding. Princess .
Yeah I mean well I don't know really sir.
Not that one. Or that one.
Royal victory party. Will will Princess Bala be there.
Come on everybody dumps on us workers. You soldiers get all the glory. Plus you get to go out into the world meet interesting insects and kill them.
Who said there was a girl for you. I was talking about a girl for me. Don't you want your aphid beer.
Of course. You were born two seconds after me.
I can't think of any.
Will you introduce me to some worker girls.
You're a real buddy.
I mean   barging in on your mother in the middle of the night.
It was making me nervous so I chopped it off. Big mistake huh.
I sort of like it.
I'm afraid not. I promised to have a drink with him he's been calling me all week   
Eight thirty.
Well I could meet you at the theatre if that's all right.
This is a bad day for me.
I understand. Christmas family and all that   
Oh you don't have to worry about that. I have quite a bit of influence in Personnel. You know Mr. Sheldrake.
Oh. Yes. Just a minute. If you don't mind this is sort of personal
Let me help you.
My sister she'll want to know what happened to me.
His apartment.
What's her first name.
Give what up.
As one woman to another I'm sure she'll understand   
Miss Kubelik I don't think that's such a good idea.
Just somebody delivering a bottle of champagne. Like some.
So they'll shoot me like a horse.
Gas. Didn't you turn it on.
I really ought to be getting home. My family will be flipping by now.
Over a girl.
Are you just making that up to make me feel better.
We're going to finish that gin game.
Fine. How's your eye.
You mean leaving his wife. Yeah. I'm very happy for you.
I told you all along. You see you were wrong about Mr. Sheldrake.
No. You know how people talk. So I decided it would be better if we didn't see each other till everything is settled divorce wise.
That's very wise.
Seven    queen.
Good evening Mrs. Lieberman.
What you get from renting to bachelors. All night I didn't sleep ten minutes and I'm sure you woke up Dr. Dreyfuss.
Are you going to deny it.
West 67th Street. You have no idea what I've been going through with the neighbors and the landlady and the liquor and the key   
The reason I called is I won't be home for dinner tonight. The branch manager from Kansas City is in town I'm taking him to the theatre Music Man what else. No don't wait up for me 'bye darling. Tell me something Baxter have you seen Music Man.
Well that's very kind of you only I'm not feeling well you see I have this cold and I thought I'd go straight home.
Swap them. For what.
Don't thank me thank your friends here they're the ones who recommended you.
The mirror is broken. It was broken when I found it.
So it was. She threw it at me.
Mine.
You're working too hard Baxter. It's New Year's Eve relax.
Me too. I'm taking Miss Kubelik out I finally talked her into it   
Just following doctor's orders. I've decided to become a mensch. You know what that means. A human being.
What does he mean accident.
Listen to him. Little Lord Fauntleroy.
That's okay Buddy boy. Now like I was saying I'm in this joint on Sixty first and I think I got lucky    she's a skater with the Ice Show    and I thought maybe I could bring her up for a quiet drink.
Of course not. But how can I be efficient in the office if I don't get enough sleep at night.
And I couldn't get into my apartment so at four a. m. I had to wake up the landlady and give her a whole song and dance about going out to mail a letter and the door slamming shut.
Well after all it's my apartment it's private property it's not a public playground.
How come you're alone on New Year's Eve.
You know me with girls. Easy come easy go. Goodbye Doc.
Gee. Sort of gives you goose bumps just to think about it.
Nothing. Just clear out will you.
Who.
Why not. We don't owe Buddy boy anything.
Let me take that.
Let's not start on that again Jeff please. I'm just beginning to get over it.
Look Jeff we had two wonderful months this summer and that was it. Happens all the time the wife and kids go away to the country and the boss has a fling with the secretary or the manicurist or the elevator girl. Comes September the picnic is over goodbye. The kids go back to school the boss goes back to the wife and the girl They don't make these shrimp like they used to.
I never said goodbye Fran.
Important.
We talked about a lot of things.
Don't ever talk like that Fran. Don't make yourself out to be cheap.
It won't always be like this. I love you Fran.
Of course I'm not here because the whole thing never happened I never took those pills I never loved you we never even met isn't that the way you want it.
Baxter.
What are you talking about.
First you can't wait to get me up here and now rush rush rush. Makes a person feel cheap.
A little mixup in signals. Let's go.
But I thought you could hold your tongue.
You let me go four years ago Jeff. Only you were cruel enough to make me sit out there and watch the new models pass by.
See if they'll what.
Yeah I caught your show at Hau Fat.
Good like I said take your pick.
Now just a second I'm doing you a favor buddy what're you trying to pull.
My men   
That's what there is to talk about my man I take a good care of my men   
No absolutely not   
Yeah. Way north.
How long were you up there
A year Waiter another beer.
Yeah typical A.R.V.N.
That's right sir I come from New Orleans I was raised to be a sauciere.. a great sauciere. We specialize in sauces; my whole family. It's what we do. I was supposed to go to Paris and study at the Escoffier School; I was saving the money. They called me for my physical so I figured the Navy had better food.
Cook school that did it.
No shit.
Probably is.
Whatdoya think it thinks.
That we're dumber than we look.
Still got a lot of that stuff from Nha Trang. But we're running low on the other.
Not a thing.
Sure. Recoil  I feel the recoil of my rifle.
I'll go with you in a while judt hold tight awhile   
Mangoes. There as a fucking tiger in the woods I could've been eaten alive. I'm never going into that jungle again. I gotta remember never get out of the boat; never get outta the boat.
The draft of that river might be too shallow on the point.
No shit hot damn   
Yeah like keep out   
I wonder if that was the same copter.
Yeah it still runs.
Nobody comes in here.
Charlie.
NVA regulars. They're coming again tonight. Tet their big assault.
I am not presently disposed to discuss that sir.
Of course Captain an unfortunate necessity.
The Vietnamese think it's theirs I guess the Americans do too.
Gunner's Mate Third Class L. Johnson sir.
What.
Take her in low Lieutenant.
Yeah Na Trang told me to expect you we'll see what we can do. Just stay out of my way till this is done Captain.
Hairy
We were attacked down river. We need supplies and medical help.
Yes.
No. My thinking is clear. But my soul has gone mad.
Going back   to the jungle to die.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
I'm taking you back.
Love him  Yes it is true. That's the hard part for me  I knew him better than anyone.. I knew him best.
Yeah  thanks.
The Yater the clear one with the thin stringer.
Pre Australian actually. But I'd dig goin' to California. I'm California dreamin'.
No Colonel Kurtz couldn't be crazy if you heard him talk just last week you'd never think he was crazy.
Those heads yes. Well the rebels 
I just follow my footsteps one at a time trying to answer the little questions and staying away from the big ones.
That strange things.. terrible things have occured around this American Kurtz.
Then Philippe will have to kill all of you.
Anyone got a card.
Beverly Hills   
You can pack out of here two three days' hike along this river at most. Weather should hold this early in the season.
Mind if I get some stuff from my kit.
I'll get you there all right.
I don't want to talk any more.
Be right back. I left my camcorder in the car.
Eric leave it alone. It's not your business.
Going after killers isn't the same as chasing poachers Eric.
Look why get into this again. As long as it's working let's leave it alone. It's been nice so far. We're together   
Fairbanks is a three hour flight. I'll be back by dinnertime.
I'll tell you everything later.
   Killing is what you know. Pack some food while I prep for the flight. I'm sure not gonna let him go.
It could blow over tomorrow too.
If that means freeze my balls off no thanks. I'll be okay.
It was blown up with the plane.
Too bad. We'd be out of here in a few hours.
Yeah it is fucked up but it's not too late to keep that from happening here.
You're wrong. Everything we do leaves its mark. You said it yourself there are hundred  year old footprints in the tundra.
I'm not too old to knock the snot out of you.
   Here's a hundred dollars. And if you or anyone else will back me up on this   
Sure.
There'll be three four men at the most. I have some backup nothing will happen.
This isn't your concern. It's over here and now.
Aw Jesus. Told you this was trouble. What about you big shot. Do something. Who's side are you on anyway.
Maybe they went back to Devil's Cauldron.
Not in the right hands it ain't.
Quit fucking around. Get in.
Closest planes for hire are here in Cache.
Stay out of this  Doctor.
Uh huh.
He's in the bathroom  He's fine.
I'm a waitress.
Have they done blood tests on him.
Only in the emergency room or when he was well.
No. Actually I think that's their technical name.
An ear infection can send us to the emergency room maybe five six times a month where I get whatever nine year old they just made a doctor. Nice chatting with you.
Oh please 
What are you doing here.
I was working  can't you just drop me a thank you note.
I don't think I can wait until tomorrow. This needs clearing up.
I also wrote one part  I wrote I'm sorry  I was talking about I was sorry when I got mad at you when you came over and you told my son that he ought to answer back so I wrote that. I was sorry for busting you on that  and I'm sorry for busting in on you that night  when I said I was never  I was sorry and I'm sorry every time your food was cold and that you had to wait two seconds for a coffee filler 
I can't do this alone. I'm afraid he'll pull the stiff one eye on me. I need you to chaperon. Separate everything but cars. You said you liked convertibles. Now I'm on the hook.
Whether crabs are in season there now 
Oh. Okay then Melvin. Good night.
It's okay. No problem. Where should we sit.
Yes  sure. I'll take the sofa.
Dancing.
Just him and that's it. Okay you can answer we've worked it out.
Here's the trouble with never.
I'll never forget you said it.
This one has a special meaning.
Cute.
Were you asleep.
How to die mostly.
I'm not saying nothing to you.
Hey you called me  I 
No it's all right. I'll just watch.
Ask him.
Rot in hell Melvin.
I know. I'm a little bit nervous. Suddenly everything seems so easy. Carol a load has been lifted.
Another place where.
Look we both want the dog and 
Picking on me won't help.
Please.. NO 
What restaurant.
So you're from around here.
Didn't you here all them sirens. It's been all over the radio. Some guy shot Leevio Valli and a bunch of bystanders in the Trattoria Roma.
The hell I can't. It's my cab. I don't like you. So get the hell out.
Tachlinkov.
Yeah that's it. And he's like a fucking genius. They said he shaded you over and over. And in the end he aced you again. Shaded and faded. They say he's living on some Greek island but I say that's fucking bullshit. I say you're the best and that you planted his ass. Am I right.
What. What's okay.
Oh yeah.
They money will be standard bank transfer. We believe we will know where and when.
Yes. This is the Hotel Paraiso.
Tomorrow. The buyer is Japanese. His retirement a condition of the bonus.
One hour per man.
Until a minute ago.
If I still was what I used to be you would not be pointing that at me.
He stole the contract knowing that I would come after him.
Because he is trying to retire me.
He wants to kill you.
Forget it.
We don't have a choice.
Right.
It's simple. You need me. I need you. And we will both need money.
If you walk out that door Bain will still come after you.
No. It's the truth. I know what you are. Like me like Bain you're a ghost you're not part of the real world. You don't have a social security number. You don't pay taxes. You've probably used ten different names over the last ten years. A long time ago something probably happened something illegal and you ran you disappeared and it was easy. You think you can do it again. But I'm telling you fading from the law is nothing. No matter what you do where you go I swear to you that Bain will find you.
Just Electra.
They didn't give you a choice did they.
No they didn't.
Why not.
It was  mechanical. Very precise. It was exactly like the training drill except for the adrenaline.
No. Something honest.
Several.
You were there.
No.
Why don't you bring it out here. It's beautiful out here.
They saw you coming a mile away. If I had known we'd be using   
That means you won't have a gun.
So.
When I first saw them I thought they were married.
He believed it all went back to one night when as a little girl. I watched my parents have this big fight really big. I thought my mother was going to kill my father. Then they went into their room and made up. And I watched them make love through the keyhole.
She was taken.
When I gave you my gun and you almost shot me.
I'm not normal.
Yes.
Just a little ways. Up to those trees.
Oh yeah. I guess we still need to see that price tag. Like art right. You hang some painting that looks like baby puke in your living room only if it costs a bundle.
That's exactly what I told myself.
No.
How would you like the funds.
Of course senor.
A coke if they have it.
We're only joking ..It is your round though.
That's Lubosh the greatest fiddle player in Prague. You must have seen him playing with Johnny on the bridge  Come on let's grab a table.
This place is getting expensive too used to be twelve.
Puppet theatre don't you need something a little bigger.
Yeah that could be job number two. I think it's a sewer.
Yeah you're in luck there's two of them the other's in there.
I'll settle for a pardon. You gotta drill.
I'll try not to I'll leave that to you. Anyway there's still plenty more of it.
Good I love swinging a shovel.
Nope not even close. I've thought of a name for this place and you were the inspiration though.
I've been saying that since we met.
No it's welded up ..Let's take a look from the inside.
Why don't we just take the whole damn building brick by brick Doug.
Look at it this way it's their contribution. If we'd explained it to them they'd probably have given it to us anyway.
Why don't we go together.
It just happened.
The performance is free what more do you want .I've set that old phone up as a donation box and I'll get Jahn to write out a sign .Okay let's get going.
That bad.
No but I ran into Jahn seems him and his friends are in big trouble with the University they might even be expelled.
What happened.
Well it seems they've dropped any charge relating to the files.
Lucky break.
It was all in Czech wasn't it.
Yeah somewhere.
And if you're wrong.
Get me one of the disks. Ask a Czech girl to smuggle it in to me this evening. Put the others in a locker and write the details in a note to Reuters and be ready to send it if this doesn't work. You'd better keep clear of your apartment too. Do you know someone with a phone.
Doug I can't just leave you.
You're in the clear keep it that way I'll be okay.
Sure .Anything else I can do for you.
Here.
What are you talking about.
Yeah pretty well.
So am I.
Hmm I see possibilities but you got a lot to do.
Really.
Don't worry it's okay.
Everybody is at home it's no good.
It's bad news when you can't even bribe kids.
Don't worry I've got lots of friends.
Yeah it's a simple piece. If they get the floor done in time me and the others will rehearse tomorrow afternoon but it's not critical.
Will this thing take long.
Am I invited.
No I'm just running scared same as everyone else.
I had it coming from someone.
Alright.
That's right.
No.
Okay Okay but I want it right back. It belongs to my father.
But I have to finish this .
See you brought one of the patients with you too.
Well come on sit down.
Don't you dare I'll be back.
What if his accomplices have made copies.
I'm sorry about how we   
There's hot cider in the kitchen.
I didn't know either.
Landon honey. There's nothing more.
I need to whizz.
No thinking. The doctor only gives you three seconds to decide   
You do   
She's not. She's got her own ideas.
I don't make small talk   
   This play means a lot to me.
Then we both know. I'll point. You drive. Faster.
I'm an enemy.
You want to tell me 
The world of the dead.
Maybe debris from a moon that broke apart.
Or building blocks for a world that never formed.
I hope so. I think maybe she sees me now.
Yeah. I'm probably not going to be around next time it comes.
Do you ever wonder why things happen the way they do.
The Bible. Why should I read a bunch of dumb stories about some ancient guy who supposedly worked miracles.
Then maybe you can read mine.
Thank you. So were you.
That sounds like horseshit.
I'm not allowed to date.
We're going somewhere. After. And no. I didn't ask your father.
You're straddling the state line. You're in two places at once.
Before the divorce. My father used to take me here. Fire spotting was his summer job.
Hoped for it.
No. The drugs just stopped working. If anything doing things I love kept me healthy longer.
I'm not going back to school.
Tired.
It was a play.
I am mad at you. And at Landon. And the universe. And God. I don't even know where to put all my anger.
Like what sir.
Okay. Sure. My grandfather. When he was seven he shook the hand of an old guy a war vet or something who had once shaken President Lincoln's hand. Made a big impression on him.
I helped Jamie with the first one.
Where did you get   
I didn't say you did.
Marty. What's for breakfast.
I don't know. National Cash Register.
That's good.
School. I never thought of school. If I went to school I could blend in with everybody else couldn't I.
You do.
Coming Eileen 
George if you don't want Chinese food pick a place you want to go and make a reservation.
Oh yeah.
Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm taking Suzy Parker.
You're not picking a fight you're coming to her rescue. Maybe we'd better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at 8:55.
Why is she gonna get angry with you.
What's this all about.
That reminds me if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater.
Is Shemp all right.
Sure he agreed quickly.
The power converter 
Blast it no I suppose you're right . You do know the proper chemical formula.
We don't .
You were ringing the doorbell.
You did what 
Apparently what has happened is that the maternal instinct has transcended the gap of time and this has caused an alteration in your mother's emotional behavior.
Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire life.
I run this place.
Yeah  Jesus. I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve to marry my mom.
No way.
Not bad.
What'd you come out here for.
I don't know.
Hey wait a minute. When am I going to see you again.
He'll say that.
Well stop the world.
Well I got homework.
Yeah but I don't like it.
Yeah the tree makes it nice.
Yeah.
Well that's the point stupid.
Yeah you look tired  Listen honey. when all this is over I'm going to sit down and buy you a big thick steak.
I don't want a steak.
Guess there's no way I'll ever know. For sure.
How about over here.
Yeah.
Okay no monkey business then.
Halloween. 1938 War of the Worlds that fake radio news broadcast that got everybody scared thinking that real live Martians were landing in Grover's Mill New Jersey. But then it all just turned out to be a hoax.
You wanna take the chance Casper.
Planet 10.
I look great. Let's rock 'n' roll.
I'm sure we'll find out soon enough.
Where's the professor.
Whorfin. Does he know we're coming.
At least tell them I'm trying. Tell 'em something 
Figures. Anybody seen my scope.
Did I say anything was wrong. I just sponged up a little too much Vat 69 okay. I'm down to my last nickel in this lousy town I can't get my luggage outta hock 'cause I met this jerk who said he was a record producer when all he had was a record. He offered to set me up for life and like a fool well I 
Who were you really trying to kill last night.
Who.
No. Laramie. Except I was born in Cody. How did you know that. Oh right sure I forgot: you know everything.
Somewhere. See I was taken away by the Priddies when I was a baby. I was adopted.
I wish he was. He's real enough.
What. If we just believe in Buckaroo Banzai.
Hello Mr. President. How's my favorite patient. Any tenderness.
Still no confirmation either from SAC or Strategic Space Command. They report all surveillance satellite communication jammed.
I didn't drop 'em.
He will be  When he can't write he drinks.
How about you. Will you be alright.
Hello.
It's alright Barton. You don't have to write actual scenes.
Drown all those rascals 
 Who.
 Once or twice. His name is Charlie Meadows.
Just Bill please.
What's that.
On the Beery picture. Where are we. Wuddya got.
I didn't say anything 
Fair enough. No pressure here Barton because I respect you but let me point out a couple of things. One here you make a difference to five hundred fifty people a night – if the show sells out. Eighty five million people go to the pictures every week.
Take my copy. You're the toast of Broadway and you have the opportunity to redeem that for a little cash – strike that a lot of cash.
Have you read the Bible Garland.
Pictures. Jesus.
Mine have passed on. It's just the three of us now 
Sure that's tough but in a sense we're all alone in this world aren't we Charlie. I'm often surrounded by family and friends but 
Hi Charlie.
Well my pleasure. I could use a little lift myself.
In a few days. Out to your stompin' grounds as a matter of fact – New York City. Things have gotten all balled up at the Head Office.
This kind of heat. It's pathetic.
No . I'm fine. Thank you.
Charlie I'm in trouble – something horrible's happened – I've gotta call the police 
We gotta call the police –
That's okay that's okay that's okay – that's just fine. You probably just walked in here thinking that was going to be a handicap thinking we wanted people who knew something about the medium maybe even thinking there was all kind of technical mumbo  jumbo to learn. You were dead wrong. We're only interested in one thing: Can you tell a story Bart. Can you make us laugh can you make us cry can you make us wanna break out in joyous song. Is that more than one thing. Okay. The point is I run this dump and I don't know the technical mumbo jumbo. Why do I run it. I've got horse sense goddamnit. Showmanship. And also and I hope Lou told you this I bigger and meaner than any other kike in this town. Did you tell him that Lou. And I don't mean my dick's bigger than yours it's not a sexual thing – although you're the writer you would know more about that. Coffee.
And then  well 
No no Mr. Breeze has actually been a great help –
With all due respect sir I think it's the best work I've done.
Rez. That'll be twenty five fifty a week payable in advance. Checkout time is twelve sharp only you can forget that on account you're a rez. If you need anything anything at all you dial zero on your personal in room telephone and talk to me. My name is Chet.
That's right Fink he lives next door to you.
Only fry you once.
You two have some sick sex thing.
Thank you.
Who.
She must really be something. From a clinical point of view.
What was she like in school.
Yes.
Yes.
Was there anyone with you last night.
Yes you do.
Didn't you study it in school.
No.
No.
Everybody that I care about dies.
Of course I knew.
No thanks.
Somebody has to die.
Exactly what do you have in mind Mr. Corrigan.
That's pretty cold ain't it lady.
Do you remember his name.
Thanks.
Not now he don't.
No sir. They never even got a statement from her.
I don't know.
She want to play. Fine. I can play.
I know what that's like.
You don't like punk rockers.
Why the hell not.
Go stick your head in a tub of ice water. See where she leads.
She knew she could beat it. That's why she asked to take it.
How did they die. Was there an investigation.
How you're saying she killed her parents. Did she kill Bobby Vasquez too.
Beth. Now you've got Beth killing people.
He was shot.
No. Should I have.
Do you ever get sick of it.
Of what.
Ohhh. That's new. That sounds good.
I'm going to send them to my friends for Christmas presents.
How come you're not peeing on them yourself.
People are only interested in you because you're famous not because they know a fuckin' thing about your work.
That would be a pity because you're a real painter.
No.
Well I don't want to get mugged on a Bowery street corner. Maybe I could find a place for you to work. Take my card.
You want a drink.
Decipher.
What are they.
Well you said that. You've got a lot of references from Leonardo da Vinci don't you.
Yup.
Why that's from Time Magazine.
Yeah  Maybe just his arms. Put some Cerulean Blue there.
He's the best painter in the world. I'm gonna give him one of these.
Good.
Good. What do you have.
Medicine man. Like health food. I'm taking care of my health.
Just come to the Mudd Club on Friday.
I'm going to my parents this weekend. What am I going to wear. How could you do that to me.
Manzanita   if one day I die and you read this piece of paper I want you to know how much I love you. Although I'll never see you again Gypsy Gypsy your hair your hair your face your face'
Oh God Basquiat you scared the shit out of me. How the fuck could you do that to yourself.
I don't believe it Jean – they're picking straws.
You want three Big Macs two chocolate shakes two orders of fries and an apple pie.
They call me Steve but I prefer Shenge.
No name. That's ok. I'll just call you Big Pink.
No I don't. I'm alone. We all are. Especially here. The world's unjust. The respect fools get. The disrespect I get.
Tony Bennett  What do you mean.
So shut up and keep painting..
I'm here for an interrogation. You've been called a graffiti artist and I wanna know why. All I see are scribble scrabble abstractions.
No nothing ah.. His parents.. I.. I hope he finds them.
Shreck's. You   
But a kiss can be even deadlier if you mean it.
Seems like every woman you try to save ends up dead or deeply resentful.
Maybe you're right.
Didn't I say that.
Yes and no..
Treat to be here.
Nor I on the second.
Max I'm gonna fight you on this. The Mayor and I have already spoken and we see eye to eye here. So   
I am the light of this city. <u>And</u> I am its mean twisted soul. Does it really matter who's the mayor.
I wouldn't touch you to scratch you.
She jumped. She'd been depressed.
The Christmas Eve of Destruction   
A big bag of fan mail. Filthy lucre. Wait don't tell me.. Is it a broad.
A platform. Lemme see.. Stop global warming. Start global cooling. Make the world a colder place. <u>Frigid</u>..
No I am. Yes I'm boning up for your Bruce Wayne meeting in the morning. I pulled all the files on the proposed power plant and Mr. Wayne's hoped for investment  I've studied up on all of it.. I even opened the protected files and   
And who.. would you say this <u>to</u>.
And a very very good one.
The boys need help.
There's a lovely inn just down   
No my boy. I'm afraid none of us can.
Coming on line now sir.
Rather disappointed at how poorly I taught you proper housekeeping. And quite well it seems. Thanks to you son. Thanks to you all.
Just don't tell me you're hoping to run away and join the circus.
Alfred and Bruce are like family.
Batgirl Baatgirl Baatgirl.
Those targeting mirrors are frozen. The sun beam won't work.
Nightwing. Scourge of darkest evil.
I thought you were going to stay in the museum and round up the thugs.
Surf's up.
He'll be here.
She knows who we are.
Kill her later. We've got work to do.
Don't make me kill you in front of the girl.
Your intentions are noble but no diesel fuel for heat. No coolants to preserve food. Millions would die of cold and hunger alone.
Maybe your witless playboy persona works on every bimbo du jour but I am not the least bit titillated by your attentions. So back off or I'll have you in court quicker than you can spell sexual harassment. Got me.
But soon 
You just called me Ivy. Who's Ivy.
I checked the medical database. No one else is even close.
I knew you could handle it.
You lie.
Can't we just ice them along with the rest of the citizenry.
I want us to be together. But I need to know you're serious about turning over a new leaf. I need a sign.
Freeze has turned the new telescope into a freezing gun. He's about to turn Gotham into an ice cube.
Ninety three including the sauna.
Actually he took the car.
 Afraid.
Just checking young sir.
And you are.
Last night at the circus. I noticed something about Dent. His coin. He's obsessed with justice. It's his Achilles' heel. It can be exploited.
What. Ah yes. Of course. I'm sorry. It's just that you're my idol. And some people have been trying to keep us apart.
Me. No. Only things that need calming in my dreams are the Rockettes.
Excuse me.
Keep me off the couch Doc. Your fees are a little rich for me.
Dick let go. Revenge will eat you alive. Trust me. I know.
How could I forget.
Dr. Burton tells me you know who Batman is.
Let me ask you something Bruce. What is man's greatest tool.
Congratulations. You get to die on the dean's list.
Kill me. Well alright. Go ahead. Take the empire. All yours. Hell Harv old pals. I'll kill me for you.
A miss. And my favorite vitamin I might add.
You know if you cut your bathroom in half you'd have my apartment.
Upstairs. He's quite docile.
What are you talking about.
He won't kill her. GODDAMMIT.
That's why I wear a target on my chest.
Then stay away from Vicki. That's all I want man. I just want your word.
Because I .. Because she'd never speak to me again.
I'm sorry I had to stand you up today. I'd like to make it up to you.
Well Bruce I don't think that would be possible.
I'm frightened of you Bruce. I'm frightened for you.
All right Bruce what do you suggest.
Sorry. We had another bat sighting.
Please. We'll talk. Just tell us what you expect.
A visual record yes. A before and  after kind of thing. This could make your reputation.
Honey  I would know any randomly selected square inch of Vicki Vale. If I had a good enough hint.
Oh absolutely. Bruce and I are very close.
Yum yum.
He's not crazy.
There aren't hotels.
Yes. And	I have a wine for dinner that will kill you.
Oh right yeah. two dollars please.
Night.
Uh.. yes..
What. What.
Well Ahm .
But the particular glory of the system  is that it can also work oh large screens in each individual room   so we can network the program to every room in the gallery.
Yes. Ahm. I was just wondering where my English house guest had got to.
I don't think you really understand what you're looking at..
And that's where you introduce me to the Governor.
Good point Bernie   precisely the kind of perceptive interjection I'd expect from my new V.P. How can we you ask survive without Whistler's Mother   our single greatest asset. Well the truth is   we can't. So what am I saying. Will we find her again. Never   this robber was clearly the work of a criminal of great genius.
You're not going to 
There's a man. I woke up next to a man..
Not in one piece anyway. I see Mrs Whistler as kind of.. like my own dear mother. I'd kill any man that tried to interfere with her. The Vice President here will vouch for that.
No   but when you've torn out a man's throat with your bare hands you learn to appreciate the beautiful things in life.
Yes.
We need you urgently in C Theatre.
Damn. I was just going to Number 4 
It is urgent sir.
Not at all Governor. Very striking.
Sting.. Sounds like something you put on a rash.
What's gone.
Yeah heh heh. Maybe it has a TV. Heh heh. TV.
Huh huh. This says Beavis.
Heh heh. Yeah.
Heh heh. This is the best night of our lives.
My butt's bothering me.
Huh huh. You mean like this.
Uh 
Huh. Huh huh.
Just make sure it looks like an accident 
Yeah heh heh. I think I just had an accident. Heh heh hmm heh hmm heh.
Washington. That's where she was gonna meet up with ya. Damn she's goin' all the way.
Well if you find yourself getting tired take a couple of these.
D.C. Chief.
Not now Bork.
Uh Butt Head.
Holed up. Huh huh huh. Holed.
Muddy. Sonofabitch. Hold it. What's he payin' ya.
Ten grand. That cheap ass  I got a better deal for ya. I'll double it. I'll pay ya twenty if you go back there and do mah husband.
Adam my booyy. When you're really rich in what matters .. nothing matters. My buyer has just made a killing in condos in the Village. And he's got a little stress problem .. so his wife says they want the old peace and quiet.
Let's not think about it. We'll have a nice romantic quiet vacation. Here comes the bridge chorus.
That's my girl.
Adam you had a photo of Big Foot.
<u>Betelgeuse</u>.
Three times. Powerful number.
Maybe we should knock first.
Can you scare them off.
No. What's wrong.
We tried.
Yes. I evaluate individual cases and determine if help is needed deserved and available.
Our cemetery.
You're not gross. Why were you wearing a sheet.
'Bye Jane I'll see you in church in a couple weeks.
They're dead.
Minor problem. The rules. I can't tell it to you. But  do you know how to play charades.
It's spelled different but basically  Now you said it twice; just one more time and I'll be free. And then <u>you'll</u> be free.
Otho why didn't you just come in the door.
Stepmother.
No listen  we'll talk about this visiting later I gotta go I gotta meeting on the Japanese joint venture.
I say let's keep it the way it is.
It wasn't a joke.
Gooood.
I don't know.
My sentiments exactly. Porcelain is for teeth.
The attic.
I understand. I've seen it done before.
  Straight out.
  Oh  My God I only wish that Benjamin had your recuperative powers  Anyway the President offered to sit in for Ben at the meeting quite a nice gesture I felt. He's due here soon I believe.
To everyone I'm afraid. The Government controls are so restricting that the Medical Profession as we know it is being legislated out of existence.
That is so true. You're different Chauncey  Quite different than most men.
At times yes. But that's not an uncommon reaction to such an accident. Actually I found him to have quite a sense of humor.
I have no idea 
Yes. My husband has been very ill. His doctor and nurses are staying with us. Those hospitals can be so impersonal   why it might be hours before you are treated 
No Eve. I'm not related to Basil and Perdita.
Oh. Well they're just a wonderful couple we've been friends for years. We visit their island quite often.
Thank you Eve   I like this house very much.
Your leg must be getting better.
  I have very few friends Chauncey  And Benjamin's friends are all quite a bit older 
  Is that all you want   To watch me .
Yes. I've been looking for you too Eve.
Good sir. And so it seems did the President   but we would like to have some facts; such as uh  What exactly is the relationship between yourself and that of the First American Financial Corporation.
I have nothing more to say.
Yes. It's very tiny but it's good.
Yes. You look very sick.
Hah. It's all make up Chauncey  I asked nurse Teresa to fix me up I didn't want the President to think I was going to die during our talk.
I want to tell Eve.
Oh you can tell her later. She'll never miss you in this crowd.
Mr. Gardiner my editors and I have been wondering if you'd consider writing a book for us. Something on your political philosophy. What do you say.
I can't read.
Yes. I like to watch.
What sort of bed is it.
Oh. Thank you.
No. That's where Joe fixed the bricks.
Yes. It seems to be.
  Yes sir   elevator.
  I see.
Must of happened durin' the night I don't know  Lord he wasn't breathin' and as cold as a fish. I touched him just to see and you believe me Chance   that's doin' more than I get paid to do  Then I just covered him up pulled the sheet over his head 
Yes. It is.
I'd like to thank you for filling in on such short notice for the Vice President.
  Well your anonymity will be a thing of the past from now on.
Well let me rephrase the question; the President compared the economy of this country to a garden and stated that after a period of decline a time of growth would naturally follow. Do you go along with this belief.
Yes I know the garden very well. I have worked in it all my life. It is a good garden and a healthy one; its trees are healthy and so are its shrubs and flowers as long as they are trimmed and watered in the right seasons. The garden needs a lot of care. I do agree with the President; everything in it will grow strong and there is plenty of room in it for new trees and new flowers of all kinds.
  The gardener  Yes of course  Mr. Chance this is Ms. Hayes.
Yes Thomas   I understand.
Yes. Louise will bring me lunch.
Yes. I remember when he came. He was very fat and had short hair and showed me some pictures from a funny little book.
I'm fine Thomas. The garden is a healthy one. There is no need for a claim.
Very well Mr. Chance   if you insist on dragging this matter on  But I must inform you this house will be closed tomorrow at noon. If indeed you do reside here you will have to move out.
That is correct. In a garden growth has its season. There is spring and summer but there is also fall and winter. And then spring and summer again 
Yes. I will.
You heard.
I'll see you after the doctor has a look at your leg Mr. Gardiner.
It's your damn job. It never happened when you were a senator 
Look Johanna 
What do you mean there is nothing. That's impossible.
I do not want Benjamin Rand disturbed. You have other ways of gathering information than to trouble a dying man. Use whatever agencies are necessary to put together a detailed history of Chauncey Gardiner if you run into problems alert Honeycutt. I'll be in the office at seven in the morning and I would like to have it at that time. I've got to take a leak.
We have word that the Soviets have put out a top priority alert for information on Gardiner's background. So far they haven't come up with a thing   what's more as a result of their eagerness one of their ablest agents blew his cover we have him in custody at this time.
Yes chief   eight other foreign powers have put Gardiner under surveillance. We're around the clock now sir   I'll keep you posted.
But we are quite certain comrade that this man Gardiner is a leading member of an American elitist faction planning a coup d'etat.
This is my fiancee Maxine.
Yeah.
I never played a jewel thief.
Oh this is just the medical breakthrough I've been waiting for. Are their any side effects. Please say no. Please say no.
Enjoy.
Craig listen honey I've been thinking  maybe you'd feel better if you got you know a job or something.
Well you know maybe something else until this whole puppet thing turns around.
I  puppeteer.
They'll understand. Besides I've got a morning appointment tomorrow with Elijah's shrink. We're getting to the bottom of this acid stomach.
I dressed the wound. Then I've just been feeding everyone putting everyone to bed.
Oh you know not a lot. Just hanging around his apartment. I think he must be a lonely man.
We love her Craig. I'm sorry.
Suck my dick.
Shut up.
You're not a monster Craig. Just a confused man.
A better friend.
I suppose. But they got here first the lousy bastards. So now it's all over I guess.
Pardon.
Just one. Why is this floor so short.
Dr. Lester it's been really fascinating but I'm afraid I have to get home to my wife now.
Thank you sir.
Listen. I'm Craig Schwartz just starting out at LesterCorp.
How dreary   to be   Somebody / How public   like a Frog / To tell one's name   the livelong June / To an admiring Bog.
It better be.
So unbolt the fucking door Einstein.
A girl has a right to glow if she wants. It's in the fucking constitution.
Of course right this way Mr. Malkovich. Compliments of the house.
Right Lester. I heard you the first time. I'm not a dummy.
No a sexy dream. Of course a scary dream.
Can you do that. I mean do you know anything about puppetry.
Kevin I'm telling you  it was like nothing I've 
All the better. Hey Hot Lesbian Witches next Geraldo buddy boy. Ha ha ha.
I'm afraid that no physical harm must come to him as long as he inhabits the vessel.
Really. Well you know he's quite good. I'm surprised. Anyway I have a session with Malkovich I have to attend. I'll speak with you soon.
Yeah I saw them
Whatever you're having.
You're right my darling it's so much more. It's playing with people.
No. Please. Shut up will you. We're trying to think here. It is sort of like being a puppeteer. I like that about it.
Sleepy suddenly.
I am not a child Captain Mertin but rather an adult lady of miniature proportions.
I am not asking for alms but rather the ear of a kind man with a noble heart.
There was a boy there said mama was a jailbird said he could prove it..
But you said you said out there there ain't no what was that word no..de  fense. No de fense.
That's the last thing they took from me.
You can't do that Baby. It ain't right.
Beloved..She's mine I am Beloved
and she is mine 
YOU CAME BACK BECAUSE OF ME.
Don't say those things. You forget about those dreams..
Be here. In case.
Well what can you do.
DO YOU FORGIVE ME.
Morning ma'am.
Mama Mama she's asleep. Why don't you eat something.
Mama.
I know Denver.
Stamp don't tear me up this morning. I don't feel like it.
You know she married Baby Suggs' boy.
Ella.
Sure he knew her. Her boy Halle too.
That's so.
You pick any house any house where colored live. Pick any one and you welcome to stay there. I'm apologizing 'cause they didn't offer to tell you. But you welcome anywhere you want to be. My house. John and Ella. Miss Lady Jones..anybody. You choose. You ain't got to sleep in no cellar and I apologize for each and every night.
Never found out.
I did. Down to the cent.$900. Always wondered though what Mrs. Garner got for my brother Paul F. Must of been more than nine hundred dollars cause she use that money for Sweet Home for almost two years. But then they hung my other brother Paul A. up on a tree so I guess he wasn't worth the same..I wonder what was Baby Suggs worth. And Halle. I wasn't surprised when I found out they tracked down Sethe all the way to Cincinatti. Her price must have been higher than all of us   her being property that reproduced itself without cost. A breeder.
No use thinking these things now.
I don't believe that. I won't.
She what run you off. Not what I told you 'bout Sethe.
Yeah yeah I know. Okay.
Wasn't this guy supposed to be a millionaire.
Huh.
Her life is in your hands.
Oh man don't say that..
I'm not a  ah fuck it just stay away from my fucking lady friend man.
YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR ELEMENT. This Chinaman is not the issue Dude.
What the fuck is he talking about.
It's already posted.
I'm shomer shabbas.
Where's your car Dude.
Are you gonna split hairs.
You gotta buck up man you can't go into the tournament with this negative attitude  
Shut the fuck up Donny. Not a bunch of fig eaters with towels on their heads tryin' to find reverse on a Soviet tank. This is not a worthy  
Fuckin' A man. I got a rash. Fuckin' A man. I gotta tell ya Tony.
Hey is this him with Nancy.
They're not his heh heh they're not literally his children; they're the Little Lebowski Urban Achievers inner city children of promise but without the  
Sure. Take it easy Dude  I know that you will.
On you maybe.
Of course you do. I can see you're anxious for me to get to the point. Well Dude here it is. Where's Bunny.
Let's say a 10% finder's fee.
Huh.
Yeah man.
She most certainly was not.
Hey man why don't you fucking listen occasionally. You might learn something. Now I got  
And please don't call her my mother.
Well yeah  
Well uhNot much to tell.
Oh.
Bunch of assholes. And then you know little of this little of that. My career's uh slowed down a bit lately.
What the fuck are you talking about.. This Chinaman is not the issue. I'm talking about drawing a line in the sand Dude. Across this line you do not uh  and also Dude Chinaman is not the preferred uhAsian  American. Please.
State of Israel. If you will it Dude it is no  
What the fuck are you  
And you know Smokey has emotional problems.
I don't see any connection to Vietnam Walter.
Have it your way. The point is  
The fucking point is  
Agh  
It is a fucking game. You said so yourself Dude  she kidnapped herself  
Terrific Walter. But you haven't told me how we get her back. Where is she.
We throw the money out of the moving car.
The bridge is coming up. Gimme the ringer Dude. Chop chop.
Who's got a fucking million fucking dollars parked in the trunk of our car out here.
It's been stolen Walter. You fucking know it's been stolen.
Well that's just that's the stress talking Dude. So far we have what looks to me like a series of victimless crimes  
Now Dude  
Huh.
Nihilists. Jesus.
The In and Out Burger is on Camrose.
Yeah yeah I know the fucking show Walter so what.
Walter listen I'm at my place I need you to come pick me up  
Erev shabbas. I can't drive. I'm not even supposed to pick up the phone unless it's an emergency.
And you were divorced five fucking years ago.
We're sorry man. We're really sorry.
Dude I'm sorry  
Hey just tell me where the fuck you want us to go.
You don't go out and make a living dressed like that in the middle of a weekday.
What in God's holy name are you blathering about.
All right get out. Both of you.
Then they weren't created to go after your patient zero.
Minutes.
Which means he turned about seventy two hours ago.
For what.
Get real. I was useful to Damaskinos as long as the hunt was still on. Now that it's over all bets are off.
I don't understand.
What do you really think.
So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with.
For what.
Not alone.
Ain't nobody here but you and me chicken wing. I'd say this is as good a time as any to settle up.
No. This is a dangerous game you're playing Damaskinos.
Nobody to call in case of an emergency.
It depends. We came up with some unusual results on your blood test.
I was backpacking. Hooked up with these two chicks who were off to see the Burning Man festival. We were gonna take E have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert. You know the riff Dear Penthouse I never thought this would happen to me but   
Listen. You have to finish me off. You don't want me coming back.
How can you be out here.
Oh so it's back to pretending we're human again is it. Spare me the Uncle Tom routine. You can't keep denying what you are. You're one of us Blade. You always have been.
Show me.
The Blood Tide.
You don't know that.
Look closer.
The way they move they way they smell   
There are worse things than vampires out there.
These are my people now. I'm one of them.
I don't believe that.
Then what is it.
He looks different now burns are less extreme some of these wounds have closed up   
Sometimes   
Eventually. He toyed with them first. He made me choose do you understand. Which order they would die in   
  Anna  
Closer. Lift the lid and look   it hurts.
Trying to find the energy.
That's a joke.
What.
<u>Yes</u>.
The rest of the family was crazy as Rusty Parr.
Let's just leave it at: it was one hell of a surprise.
Anna  
  fine later fine.
You want me to scooch over next to you.
  scared the living shit out of us.
And what do you possibly think you're going to fucking see there.
  you should get back into bed.
No.
  hunch. Just sort've saw 'em there.
My ass  you saw those four fucking baboons put 'em there.
  fuckin' A right  
So where the hell am I going to sleep.
What.
  Cotter where can I get on line.
  one of us all of us  I have no idea  brought whatever this thing is back here. We're not going to go out there and spread it around like Typhoid Mary. We're gonna figure it out we're gonna bring a goddamn <u>end</u> to it.
  about the Witch  
We're all going to be if you don't hit the brakes.
Right. And the check's in the mail.
It's a <u>serious</u> sociological study.
  now there.
<u>What</u>.
I dunno it's safe to even get out of the car.
First enormous brick warehouse on your right.
It's not a real funny time for us okay.
I can't.
And what's your excuse for being here.
  no.
Hmm. I dunno. Chafing from the backpack something.
Still working on it.
Sure. I'm sorry.
Whatever.
Nick what you should do is get her back up and get her to a goddamn <u>doctor</u>.
Heather.
I dunno it's anything. It's a name Anna's mentioned  from her dreams.
Check the monitor she's <u>fine</u>.
I'll tell your mother not to expect you at the funeral.
Abby 
Sort of 
What was that.
You got a girl  am I screwing something up by being here.
I couldn't believe it either 
Psychiatrist said I was the healthiest person he'd ever met so Marty fired him.
 Mm hmm.
Yeah 
 What do you mean.
All right 
In the trunk.
Well now you do.
 Hell.
No.
What do you mean 
It's uh  it's in reference to that gentleman and my wife. The more I think about it the more irritated I get.
Nah I trust ya.
Has Ray come in yet.
No he's off tonight. Where was he last night.
I don't know didn't he call.
You look good Jeffrey. Did you have a nice flight.
Okay honey. that sounds nice. Jeffrey. I think you've got termites in the house.
Okay honey.
Fine. Welcome. Come sit down.
Yes.
I guess you've seen some bad things.
Who knows you have these.
Yes sir.
Frank.
. I saw you come in talk on the phone. get undressed.
You said hello. to Frank. You wanted to talk to someone.. Don.. and little Donny. You said something about Momma loves you. and something about a Meadow Lane. something in an hour. I don't remember any more.
How many times have you sneaked into girls' apartments and watched them undress.
Don. Hold me. I'm scared. Hold me. Please.
You can be my special friend and come and put that in me.
No. Please Dorothy. Why are you in so much trouble.
Yes.
Please. please stay.
No. how could he.. Don't go. You think I'm crazy don't you. I want you to stay. don't hate me.
Do you love me.
Men are crazy. then they put their craziness into me. then it makes me crazy. then they aren't so crazy for awhile. then they put their craziness in me again. it's burning me. but I love you. I do I do. Did you know that. Did you know that I love you.
I'm glad you do.
What.
No I want ya to fuck it. Shit yes. pour the fuckin' beer.
How is Central these days.
No. this has been going on for some time several months. About six months ago some parts of bodies were found down by the river. They were from people who were reported missing. They never found one complete body. only parts.
I don't know. like I said she's not my father's case.
I have to help out in my father's hardware store. they're giving me sort of my own hours for a while. which is nice.
I don't know.
Alright. the first thing is to get into her apartment and open a window that I could crawl into later.
Thanks. Dorothy Vallens. Okay. good luck three minutes no sooner.
Yeah. but.
. I wish you wouldn't do this. It doesn't make any sense. Let's go somewhere and have some coffee.
Call tomorrow. It's okay. Good luck. I hope you can sneak out okay. You're going to wait until she's asleep.
That doesn't bother you does it.
Who me. Why should it.
Number one. I saw the Yellow Man go into Frank's building laughing with Frank. Now. the only trouble is. what does this prove.
Nothing really but it's interesting. they know each other. they seem to like each other.
Jeffrey.. Why.
Nothing. really. It's good to see you.
NO.
Sandy. this guy is a killer.. I promise you.
Yes.
Yeah. I just saw him outside. Maybe the robins are here.
Are you feeling okay.
Yeah.
Nothing. I'm fine.
Well.
Yeah.
Nice of you to offer Jeffrey but certainly not. just relax and enjoy your coffee. I'm sure Sandy will be back soon.
  Stop it Mike.
Oh my G d how embarrassing were they. I wanted to shoot myself.
What. You're not going to wait for me.
I'm doing sixty years at Otisville no chance of parole. Even if they cut my sentence in half I'll be seventy three years old. That's some fucking deal. I don't know if the parole board the judge the pope or Jesus Christ himself can get me out of here. I have a really bad record I'm not sure what's going to happen.
Tell me about the suitcases. What is the make and the color.
My clothes your clothes. What does it matter.
What are we doing here Diego. This guy's a clown. He's talking about clothes.
You're a fucking amateur.
Come on George no one is going to pay that.
Yeah. I understand. Just business. Right. Fuck you.
Yes you have a dream. And maybe you accomplish your dream. But yet you failed. Why.
Because they caught me.
Four passenger single engine Cessna.
Great. I love the Bahamas.
George hallo. Today is the day ah. Are you out.
I just got released five minutes ago.
Bad news George. I'm in Colombia.
Right. Now who is the person in California. The connection.
Es un Ford blanco junto a una pick up.
You fucked me Diego.
Today.
The boy is happy Fred. Don't be such a killjoy.
Okay Mom. It's okay. Where's Dad.
Oh I see.
Look at this credenza. If you don't mind me asking how much is something like that. It's got to cost a fortune.
With all respect Padrino. Diego is my partner. I do not do business without him.
Freedom.
I didn't come here to drink scotch.
Tough spot.
Not mad.
You hear about your old friend Diego.
What about him.
Figured what out.
Do I know you.
I don't know. My name is George.
I like fire.
Yeah. I know. She did that before.
Don't touch me. Tell me. Just answer the question. What do I spend. What. How will we live.
Yeah. She told me. You walk her to school.
Yeah so I've been thinking. I love her y'know. I kind of want to have her. I've been away for so long. Make up for the missed time you know.
What's happening to us.
You let me take care of your mother. You just pack your bags.
But I've got school.
Not today George. Time to go back.
Stoned.
What.
That's right.
Jesus Christ I'm getting a boner just looking at it.
No. It has failed in its objective.
Let's try to be precise then. The word torture does not appear in our orders. We have always spoken of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation directed against unknown enemies. As for the NLF they request that their members in the event of capture should maintain silence for twenty four hours and then they may talk. Thus the organization has already had the time necessary to render useless any information furnished.. What type of interrogation should we choose  the one the courts use for a crime of homicide which drags on for months.
The law is often inconvenient colonel..
Sid Ahmed.
Sure. By shooting at me.
Then don't complain.
Of course. As soon as possible.
Here.
With the others. They are trying to stop the people.
Go away.
But Kader told me that you weren't in favor of the strike.
It's too late. No one is allowed to enter the Casbah at this hour. It's impossible.
It's ten minutes past midnight. Curfew begins at midnight.
Mathieu. Colonel Mathieu.
It's very good because when the D.A's office saw it they assumed it was the end of the tape otherwise they would have buried it.
What did he say about Miss Lawson.
But there's more.
We found a high concentration of cocaine in his blood.
Your Honor the State enters this evidence as exhibit A. Were any fingerprints found on the bottle.
   And if he were in the midst of making love while under the influence of cocaine.
It would be an added stress to his heart.
What would be the effect if someone secretly administered cocaine to Mr. Marsh and then induced him to make love.
Did Miss Lawson ever give you any indication why she was leaving.
Suspicions maybe but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction.
I don't buy it and neither will a jury.
Really. What does an attorney speak to his client about at her house until three o'clock in the morning.
Your Honor I'm trying to establish the sense of betrayal Miss Lawson felt when she discovered the man she lived with was a different person than she thought he was.
Your Honor I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women.
You get his statement.
Did you use it the night Marsh died.
Did you see Mr. Marsh the day before his death.
Did Mr. Marsh change his lifestyle after that.
Intense.
Why do you think she left you.
At a dinner party about eight months ago.
And after that didn't you continuously harass Miss Lawson.
You called him.
No.
No.
  And is Miss Lawson a patient of yours.
Then those are not your own words.
We dated for about a month last year.
What happened.
He did. Look I know you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink but you hold a pail of water in front of an old horse for long enough and well 
If you don't know her that well what makes you think she's capable of murder.
I wasn't lookin' through the keyhole if that's what you're thinking. I'd come to house sometimes to pick up papers or speak to Andrew. I'd find their little toys all over the place.
Could you repeat the last part of what Mr. Marsh said to you the day before his death.
Didn't Mr. Marsh also tell you that Miss Lawson felt bored here and was thinking about going back to Chicago for awhile.
Would you read for us the time of the purchase.
P.M.
No.
You must have some feeling. Some immediate impression. A young attractive woman involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will. And the things that went on in that house. Such wild sex. What kind of picture does that paint.
Andrew hardly needed leading. He was a very passionate man. He was eager to explore. I gave him what he wanted. We fulfilled each others needs.
This is a very small town people here have very straight views on sex.
How.
I think the photographer's probably a voyeur.
It won't be that hard.
Really.
She's mistaken.
No I don't have to believe you. The jury has to believe you and answers like he's lying or she's mistaken aren't going to convince them.
You can see me now.
Honey.
You're a monster.
Because I told her you were the best criminal attorney we have.
Why.
Yes.
Yes.
It didn't get there from me.
Well no one in my family did. Dad bought cemetery plots at Oak Ridge. One for him one for mom.
We're not doing it. I'm not even sure it's Christian.
No. You can have them.
Lawyer here.
Goddamn sonofabitch. I don't want to hear anymore. Sonofabitch. Burn the damn thing. I don't want to hear it. Throw it away.
This happened way before we both got married. I  I can't believe it. You think she had sex with him.
I can't believe she never told me. We spoke at least once a week. How could she do that.
Well I'd like to read them.
Was this during Betty.
Everything was during Betty. God we were so young. Why did we think we had to do it all so fast. I've never cheated on Betty. Not once we were married I mean.
Only about a thousand times. What do I do now. What's good enough for mom is good enough for me.
What about me. I feel really weird. Like she cheated on me not dad. Isn't that sick. I don't mean I wanted to sleep with her or anything but ya know being the only son. You're sort of made to feel like you're the prince of the kingdom ya know. And in the back of your mind you kind of think your mother doesn't need sex anymore because she has you.
Not this kind of heat.
I'll get right on it.
Hi. I made some brown betty. I sent Floyd off to town with the boy. I said   Floyd I'm going to visit my girlfriend and spend the afternoon and that's all there is to it. He said who's going to make lunch. I said I'm taking a sick day. Eat at the dinner. Isn't that hilarious. He didn't dare raise an eyebrow I don't even want to tell you how late he was out last night with those good for nothings from the Sandford ranch. I am so sorry honey I let two days pass before I came by but with the boy home the time just escapes me. Have you heard from Richard. How's the fair. God it's hot.
Hmm mmm.
Maybe it's because I live here.
Well from Italy to Iowa that's a story. Whereabouts in Italy.
Yeah.
My husband took the kids to the Illinos State Fair. My daughter's entering a prize steer.
About a year and a half.
No your kids.
I doubt that.
Why.
Oh my God  You're blushing.
When.
Francesca.
Not at all. I wasn't around much  So why did I get married. Well I thought it was a good idea at the time. Have a home base. Roots. You can get lost moving around so much.
You must get lonely at times.
Woman friends too.
Not everybody's supposed to have a family.
But how can you just live for what you want. What about other people.
The light was fading. Huh huh.
I want you to come.
Sure.
No.
How about Bari.
Yes.
Nobody's asking you to.
I had a temper.
Try and live a lifetime before Friday. Cram it all in.
Stop it.
Then he can move. People move.
I'm going to be here a few more days. I'll be at the Inn. We have some time. Let's not say any more now.
I CAN'T SAY GOODBYE YET. We'll leave it for now. We're not saying goodbye. We're not making any decision. Maybe you'll change your mind. Maybe we'll accidentally run into each other and.. and you'll change your mind.
I'm very sad but Richard said that since it's Cary Grant he completely understands. I'm also taking Mrs. Delaney away from this town. She'll be living with Cary and I in Beverly Hills.
Hmm.
What's her name.
I don't care what it says. Maybe Mama was delirious you know. She didn't know what she was saying. If she wanted to be cremated why the hell did she let dad buy two plots huh.
Who the hell is Lucy Delaney.
Some holes can't be filled. Some hungers can't be satisfied.
Yeah.
Take who where. What you smokin'.
Saw Bones ol' Bones on top of the hill. Rolling fat jays outta hundred dollar bills.
Bones.
But a two dollar bet is cheaper than a twenty dollar bag.
My mama's bag and my granma's bag and a long line of mamas before her.
Must be my clothes line. No. How bout my phone line.
Hush baby.
Girl they build gates like that to keep people like us out.
Mother. No.
Maybe. But there's an invisible wall a fabric that kinda keeps things separate.
I'm sure I can make your mother like me. But then do I gotta worry 'bout your father.
Okay okay. Listen:
Here.
I can't carry it in my pocket man. And I can't go get it for you cause you might be a cop. You gonna have to pick it up yourself.
Like you always said Pop look for the undervalued.
That's the past. It's dead.
Daddy.
Well somebody bought it. That's what I heard.
That's a Bozo no no. Jay bird.
Look even if anyone found anything there it's twenty years ago. They could never connect it to us.
Last thing you need's for me to start doing my fucking job.
How many times I told you no psycho shit. There gonna be psycho shit I'm the one that does it.
No thanks.
I was born near here. But after my mother died my dad moved. I grew up out in Rossmore Park.
You hear that bitch. Be quiet.
You don't need a key.
Where's what.
The money.
That's none of your goddamn business Caesar.
Caesar this is crazy.
I've seen the way he looks at you. He's always wanted you. Maybe two million dollars finally bought you.
They're just cops. Stall them as long as you can.
Let us go and we'll make a deal.
Tell them I'm at St. Mary's off the Kennedy in the waiting room but stay on the phone until I come out.
Ssh. I can't hear Gino.
Yeah see I'm kind of a night person so I was wondering if it wasn't a terrible inconvenience if you could wait a bit before using power tools.
No it isn't your fault. The walls here are just so thin.
That is so amazing. I'm in awe of people who can fix things. My dad was like that. We never had anything new. Whenever something broke he would open it up tinker with it and it would work. His hands were magic.
Why.
  yes.
You have to ask.
I guess I wanted to.
Nothing.
I know. You can't understand because we're different Violet. We're different.
What the fuck was it.
What was it then.
You mean Shelly.
Even though he knew about you.
Shelly said it was over two million dollars.
Johnnie.
And Johnnie is his son that's Johnnie Marzzone.
Not much really. Caesar was nervous kept cleaning the apartment. |The first time he picked out the dress he wanted me to wear.
How'd it go.
Pop.
I told you the family doesn't want the police around. We want to take care of it ourselves and we will. I'll find him. I swear I will.
This doesn't go upstairs.
 someone said caffeine for a headache doesn't seem 
So it's time to go home.
<u>There never was a Jason Bourne</u>. You have to come with me. It's the only way. We can give it back to you 

It's very bad this. Terrible sad. Such a young man.
Thanks.
We thought you were gone for good.
Great. You know what. I'll give you ten gazillion dollars to get the fuck away from me before I start screaming my head off.
For twenty thousand dollars.
<u>No</u>. No that was too easy   

When you think of it before the ship before you wake up on the ship what do you see.
All this stuff it's all about boats. I think I'm in the shipping business.
 this is my picture  he's got my picture    this is me this is Zurich this this this is yesterday   
Marie just    just stay there. just   
I trusted you.
I didn't know this would happen.
   we'll tell them what happened   
Who paid the bill.
<u>So what are we doing</u>.
I said someone came last night Look this isn't a carnival people call and they make an appointment and they follow the rules everyone signs in and out this is a serious place serious work it's not just to come in whenever you like   
Shit we didn't sign in.
Get everyone down in the basement.
You're in danger. All of you. I have no time to explain.
   he accessed the account   
   but it was <u>him</u>   
I don't know.
 aven't you.
  new washer.
You don't have to sing it.
Jill Layton.. You're a very good little girl. What are you doing here.
Thank you David.. and a very merry Christmas to you all.
You sound worried.
Me.   if I'm worried about anyone it's you. What happened to you Sam. You were the brightest of us  
Triplets.
Of course. We went to school together. You're my oldest friend.
Take her off the list.
There are no coincidences Sam. Everything's connected all along the line. Cause and effect. That's the beauty of it. Our job is to trace the connections and reveal them. This whole Buttle/Tuttle confusion was obviously planned from the inside. Bye bye.
Jack I'm innocent. Help me.
What.
Shut up. This is a professional relationship.
Yes.
Oh.
How can I act naturally when you've trying to break my arm.
Who are you.
Where are you taking me.
A heavy Christmas present.
We've got both.
Say all wars have innocent victims.
They'll be there waiting.
I thought you arrested me.
Let go. We've got to stop.
Sam.. we can't outrace them. You'll kill us.
It wasn't supposed to happen like this.
And your children all gone.
There are plenty of other safe places. Why don't we go back to my flat.
You've got to trust me. It sounds silly but I know we were meant to meet.
What happened to you after..
Yes.
Oh good.
I've told you before. I'd turn it down.
Really.
I mean Buttle. It's been confusion from the word go. He's been wrongly charged for Electromemorytherapy and someone somewhere is trying to make us carry the can.
You are good to me Sam.
It's what you wanted isn't it.
There are some who go to Dr. Jaffe's clinic who never come back at all.
{suddenly unctious) Oh but of course..
This isn't rare.
Shirley and I come here regularly. I love romantic lingerie.
Who's that.
No need sir
I don't know which numero.
Madam.. CUT to WOMAN turning half in flirtatious conversation. It is SAM's MOTHER but miraculously another twenty years younger and.. a parody of SAM's Dream Girl.
Central Services.
We'll be back.
Can you fix it.
You can trust me on this one.
Stressed. He's psycho.
Mary said you might be coming.
I better just go in and see her.
I can't hold up my head anymore.
Don't worry hon. Young is here and he's gonna help out  just remember you owe me.
IB Bangin.
No I'd better not.
You never know.
Right now I'm more worried about my mother than anything. They won't let her see my father.
Hello I'm Frank Pierce from the ambulance last night. I brought your father into the hospital and I just learned some news.
I know. It's awful isn't it. Night of the Living Cheerleaders.
You can't kill my father that easy. He'll fight forever. Like with me: hasn't talked to me in three years. But it's okay. Sometimes you have to put things behind you.
We moved out after that. Upstate.
Like everybody else  except us. Always standing on the sidewalk waving goodbye to moving trucks. Your parents..
You must get a lot of overdoses. I bet you picked me up a couple of times.
Frank.
It can always get worse. You can't change what's out there only where you're coming from. You got to let the Lord take over in here.
She's the daughter of a cardiac arrest I brought in last night. I told her we'd give her a ride back to Misery. Her father's showing signs of improving.
I'm hungry too. We gotta get some food after this.
Fourteen. We finally got him a room upstairs. Should be up there in a couple of hours.
Our mission is coffee Tom. A shot of the bull Puerto Rican espresso.
What.
I eat. I just haven't had coffee yet.
Don't push it Larry.
You're almost there you can do it can do can do.
Oh stop it.
We're conversing Oh my the names of the entire Cabinet has slipped my mind. What are they.
We sure do. I don't mean it as a knock either. Go ahead. I'll just say what I think and you can disregard it if you want.
They booted me out of Washington.
Yes.
Stop the tape okay. Forget it Ellen. Let's call security and get him out.
I didn't know you were going with him.
Did you bring your grey suit.
As good as humanly possible.
Do you feel good about it.
No ..
This is important to me.
Yeah being a basket case.
I know you care about him. I've never seen you like this about anyone so please don't take it wrong when I tell you that I believe that Tom while a very nice guy is the Devil.
You're just trying to say all great stuff so I'll feel even worse that you're not around.
We know each other well enough for me to care how I put something to you which could wipe you out. So I will phrase things the way I think they should be phrased. All right.
Please prepare carefully. This couldn't come at a better time.
They told me they'd keep me because they could plug me into any story and my salary was in line.
Move away from me.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuckes. Snot  Fuckee. You want to use that.
Thanks. I just wish you'd kept the first twenty seconds.
Yes there is.
Right there Bobbie.
Follow me.
No no.
Yes. How do you know.
Honey .
I don't know.
It's not opinion.
Thank you. They hated me. I don't hate them.
I like godsend.
No I really got this job on a fluke and wait till you hear where it ends up.
I didn't even have the chance to get really good at sports. I wasn't bad. I thought I was starting to do interesting features but hockey is big at the station and 
Hey.
Okay billion right of course. They told me I could have any producer I wanted and I want you.
What do you mean clean.
Yeah. It was an unusual place to be.
Indescribable you knew just when to feed me the next thing just a split second before I needed it. There was a rhythm we got into like great sex.
Yeah.
Okay. You didn't like the party huh.
No. Are you going to the Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday.
It moved me. I did relate to it I really did. It was unusual for you to cut to yourself when you tear up and that might not have been my choice but it's real and it got me and I think a lot of the time I'm too conservative about that kind of stuff. Okay.
Who.
Good Another is you're trying to make it all about sex and heat and nothing else.
I'm not sure. It seems like he had sort of a mishap on the news.
Not if you count 'Singing in the Rain.' Do him a favor and don't treat it like a tragedy. You want me to talk to him.
Yes.
Jesus if you're glib about this I'm going to lose it. I was up all night and 
Jane Jane Jane Jane Jane 
You keep coming after me and looking down on me. It's starting to make me batty.
A picnic.
Boy that's nice I wish we could all deal with each other like this. I'll check it. Anything I can do for you.
Are you okay.
Sit in this chair and I'll pose you.
Are you nervous Walter.
He made a cat.
Now you're a professional.
Yeah. Can some of you guys help me.
There there 
Walter. Jeez.
All about me 
When did you make this Walter.
But it bugs me when someone rips off our ideas our concepts and people freak out about it you know and tell us ours stinks.
Man if this place doesn't cool out I'm gonna hang out somewhere else 
Huh.
You want me to buy Dead Cat. It'll scare people away.
A parakeet.
They are.
You want me to open a window or something.
You made a bust  WALTER Yeah isn't it wonderful.
You're like an undercover guy.
I ain't going no place with you.
Yes get rid of them 
Uh I don't know.
Suit yourself.
Gee. Thanks.
Well yes I guess I have been Mrs. Swicker. Somebody's got to.
What's the matter with you.
I'm hungry.
Yes.
What's playing there.
It's the news Buffy.
Hi.
Jealous.
Oh come on Buffy. You know what's going on. It's not working out at all. I've got to move on. I mean I've got needs too. I told you about all this.
You weren't home. Like always.
I'm out of here. Jenny.
I am so sure.
God. Unbelievable. Vampires.
Thanks. Tomorrow morning I'm on a bus. I'm gone.
It's nothing. It doesn't hurt.
You sure.
You know you saved my life. And I just wanted to say  I forgive you for talking during the movie. Almost.
Dress huh. What for.
In order to dance and to drink punch and to be with my friends. Comprende.
You're the boss boss. I just thought maybe we should wait.
Bogutude. Blow it off.
I forgot.
Get out of my facial.
You don't understand. You have been chosen.
You must believe me. You must come with me while there's still time.
We wait for Robert to wake up.
I have cheerleading squad.
A Vampire King. You mean like Dracula.
Who we gonna beat.
I had to test you.
Oh wonderful. My secret weapon is   PMS. That's just great. Thanks for telling me.
Buffy don't  don't start thinking of me as your friend. It interferes with the work and it 
We call them zippers. They're not supposed to be a challenge.
Well you're on my turf now. You're just gonna have to trust me.
You got a C plus. I can't believe I cheated off you.
No. It was mondo bizarro.
Oh my God. Ouch. No wonder you quit.
I gotta bail. You coming.
Does Jeffrey know.
Pike isn't a name. It's a fish.
He is so bald.
Like you've got a grip.
All right. Take care of yourself.
I didn't say Crash. I said Nuke.
Honey don't ever listen to a woman when she's making love. They'll say the strangest things.
Which nostril am I breathing through.
If I throw too hard I'll hurt the kid.
Y'know Annie I been thinking if it works for one game maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games.
Now don't go overboard I look incredibly hot right.
No.
You can't seduce me.
He didn't mean it nasty. He said that gettin' lost and disappearing from the face of the earth was sometimes a good thing to do   especially like that.
I did.
I'll be back when we lose.
it's okay..
Don't worry.
I'll learn. C'mon  
Oh no I think it'd be great. The Sporting News should know about it.
You got me all confused.
A batter has two tenths of a second to decide whether to swing  
Don't you think I'm pretty.
I want to be had.
It's true It's true. Least it used to be true. It ain't possible that baseball's not enough anymore is it Crash.
Why not.
Shake off the pitch. Throw what you wanta.
But he ain't seen my heat  
You don't need a quadraphonic Blaupunkt  you need a curve ball. In the Show everybody can hit the fastball.
Naw 
If I get laid you won't tell Annie.
I want you to throw this one at the bat rack.
Yep. So how's Annie.
C ' mon.
You fuck.
What.
You will. Look Nuke  these Big League hitters are gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile   don't worry about it. Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat. That's the secret. You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance.
Fear and ignorance.
And where can I go.
What're you thinking about out here Nuke.
Crash shut the door.
Pussy.
From what I hear you couldn't hit a bull in the ass with a slingshot
See ya at the yard Meat.
Ain't he warning up.
We're eight and sixteen.
Look guys  I'm a man I got needs too. I understand this party   but  sex is the one thing you can get further behind in and catch up faster than anything I know. There's a baseball lesson in there somewhere. Where's Crash.
Why are you doing this to me.
Uh I   I'd  I'd like to answer   answer that at this time.
Liar.
He's lying.
Yes you were.
I'm serious. No interference.
Nobody's gonna interfere with your running the casino. I guarantee it.
Fine fine. How's your family.
Yeah.
Look Gin you know I got other people in this. I got partners. But I want you to understand that I am lookin' out for you in this thing. Okay. You're going to get yours back  and you're gonna get it back first. Okay.
Hey little Dale Evans.
Yeah is this Lester. This is Sam 
702 472 1862.
Okay.
I can't. I'm tied.
He bet like a fuckin' brain surgeon.
 and he tells me to go fuck myself.
Bullshit or no bullshit they put you in that book you're gonna be in a lot of trouble. You will not be able to walk into the casino. I'm tellin' you.
I'm just tellin' you. Don't say I didn't warn you.
All right.
Just say so.
Well back home they don't know about fuckin' control. That looks bad.
Every time you're on television I get mentioned. That looks bad. That looks bad.
A fuckin' pink robe and a fuckin' 
Well she comes to see me. She was upset about a lot of things especially that whole fuckin' Diamond   that Lester Diamond incident.
The coppers blamed me for everything that went wrong out here and I mean every little fuckin' thing too.
Meet me at three.
No a 
Yeah I said I   let the bullshit blow over for a while so I can run the casino. Anything goes wrong with the casino it's my ass. It's not yours it's my ass.
I'm what counts out here. Not your fuckin' country clubs or your fuckin' TV shows. And what the fuck are you doin' on TV anyhow..
What are you  
Me.. I wouldn't even be in this situation if it wasn't for you. You brought down so much fuckin' heat on me. I mean every time I meet somebody here the big question is do I know you.
No it   it   Nicky when you asked me if you could come out here what did I tell you. I mean you asked me and I knew you were going to come out no matter what I said but what did I tell you. Do you remember what I told 
And what'd she want.
No I'm not okay.
 Ginger's missing and she tied Amy up and she locked her in her room. I gotta find her. I don't know where the hell she is.
Yeah. Nicky I want to talk to that fuckin' bitch.
Believe me if I could prove it he would be under arrest.
No problem. Sorry.
Hello Jennifer it's Sam  
Well sir I was just 
'Mr Rothstein' is good enough.
L'chaim. [Yiddish for 'to life']
Thanks a lot.
Understand. I'm sorry.
It's chinchilla.
You do whatever you want. Do I keep my promises or do I keep my promises.
Okay. And you're embarrassing me. Why do want to make me feel so bad.
Okay.
If not for me at least for Amy.
That's all you care about. You don't care about me at all.
How serious.
With what.
First of all he's not gonna wear f  thousand dollar suits. But let's say he did which he won't. How you gonna get fitted for twenty five suits in three days. I um I mean how could you get fitted that fast. I can't get fitted that fast and I pay twice as much.
Let go of me. Let go of me.
Fuck you.
You'll come back tomorrow and get the rest. Just get out of here.
Fine. I'm takin' Amy.
You're not takin' Amy.
Oh. I got your cigarettes.
So who'd you go to lunch with.
Why do you want to do that.
Mm.
I was with somebody.
What if he won't stop.
You want your jewelry.
 and hypocrisy.
All right I will I will.
Listen to me very carefully. There are three ways of doing things around here. The right way the wrong way and the way I do it. You understand.
Don't thank me just do it. You're the Slots Manager. I shouldn't have to tell you this.
Shoot it's gotta be in the millions maybe more.
Well it happened so quick. Three guys won. I didn't have a chance to call you.
A record of the arrests 
Can't do it with both hands.
Can you do it with your left hand.
Well I  I never tried.
I ju  Well it's a nice pen. I just didn't know whose it was. I thought it was yours. I didn't want it to get lost.
And don't forget to tell your friends what happens if they fuck around in here. You understand.
You're fuckin' right you made a bad mistake. 'Cause if you come back here   we catch either one of you   we're gonna break your fuckin' heads and you won't walk out of here. You see that fuckin' saw. We're gonna use it. You don't fuck around in this place. You got it.
Don't fuck with me Al. Don't make a fuck out of me. You want to embarrass me and make a fool out of me.. You didn't gamble.. Tell me you gambled the fuckin' money I'll give you the fuckin' money to put the fuckin' heat on. Did you gamble.. Huh..
Yeah thanks.
What else. I gave her a schaff [Italian American slang for 'tap'.]
What expenses.
Artie no records Artie. What are you gonna do with records. Pay taxes.
Oh listen I understand that there's always a risk  you know I might have to take a loss somewhere.
Hey you fat Irish prick. You put my fuckin' money to sleep. You go get my money or I'll put your fuckin' brain to sleep.
Go get a bag man.
You know he's gotta realize everything can't be a home run that he does.
He tries to do everything 
Oh thanks Eddy.
Stay out of the way.
What.
So I lied  even though I knew that by lyin' to Gaggi I could wind up gettin' killed too.
Hm.
Definitely the most important guy in this room.
That's enough now.
Mm.
I know it wasn't a nice thing to do but  
Oh you did. I didn't know that.
Mm you want to steal it.
I'm told it's worth about a million dollars maybe more.
I know what you mean.
You just relax and call me back here in exactly an hour on this phone and I'll see what I can do.
Tell me what you were gonna say. Go ahead.
Yeah right. That's Sammy. And he's probably got it there too.
I need some help. I do. I need some help. You gotta help me. I need a new sponsor Nicky.
Yeah.
Mm  okay. Don't worry about it. Nobody'll fuck with ya anymore. I'll take care of ya.
I told him I was Mrs Sam Rothstein.
But I saw something 
Come on.
I'm always here for you.
Here.
Go. Go. Get in the car. Go.
They check in alone.
Don't look at me pal. I gotta live with her.
Incredible.
I know. I know.
Yeah but I'm not sure yet.
And you make it disappear you know what I mean.
Take it easy.
Charlie M.
How you doin'.
What thing. Oh Nicky  I thought you was layin'.
Yeah I know that's why you had it ready. You thought I was fuckin' layin' it..
Denying.
Mr. Chairman  
You know   You know   You know what they're doin' to me.
You'll get a heart attack like that.
Then do it the way you want.
I still have to call my agent  my techno single just made the hot 100 what's with the phone.
I'll bet. Funny for some reason I don't think dogs are supposed to like me.
There's a nice cafe down the street unless you're afraid of this Catwoman prowling around. We can always dine at the mansion if..
Stop. We are not having a duality conversation. Ooh he has a secret side. Ooh she has a dark side. Please. Duality is a joke. You get one do you understand me. You get one life. One shot. I'm so tired of women saying I have an inner strength or Deep down I'm really ambitious. One day I'll design my own line of clothing and write children's stories if I can only remember to return the videos I rented last night. If you are something then you better be out there doing something. You need to be the same bold thing in the day that you are at night  with maybe a slight clothing change. There is no gray area. The truth is not somewhere in between. There are two sides to every personality all right  the reality and the lie. We are not having a duality conversation.
What's the matter. What are you saying.
Exactly. I don't know what I'd do without you.
What little boy doesn't.
Hey speaking of Wrong Place Wrong Time. Lewis Lane to the rescue.
Just hold on. I'm not done. There are two kinds of men in the world Selina. In Category A you have Me. In Category B is everyone who wants to be in Category A but are too afraid too weak 
I know I know a Warrior. You're very annoying..Now tell me how to defuse the bomb you've set..
Touchy. Look everybody it's Casper the friendly crimefighter 
Yeah pretty gross. Hurry we've got work to do.
I got her 
Oh please sir one more. Are you the reporter or the architect.
Do you have any idea how much superheroes get paid. Zilcho. Urban vigilantes with secret identities operating outside the law. Not exactly the stuff of a W 2 form. If it wasn't for merchandising and corruption and these diabolical missions There is no such thing as heroes and villains anymore Selina. There are only winners and losers. You lost. We won.
And I I..want you to know our secrets..
What if I were to say Your Wife   as in does she know of your touching mentor student relationship with the post Bicentennial babe working the roulette wheel.
What is it with women and Catwoman. Men have the courtesy to punish the weak but women love punishing the strong. Don't get me wrong  this Catwoman is a terrifying subversive menace to everything this community stands for and she must be stopped. It's just I like her a lot.
Actually yes.
I'm having a hard time picking up your signal this morning  What did you say.
Go together. Sure why not. Another date with someone who could be an insane messenger of death for all I know. No offense. Hey lean over let me smell your breath..Say in a deep voice A superhero's job is to protect 
Uh huh..
Oh so now even the keepers of the city don't meet your standards You're late.
It's because I didn't come in. I live in the Hut now. I meant to tell you..See ya.
I'm sorry Miss one of us needs to keep surveillance 
I'm sure he'll be heartbroken.
No reason to kill innocent bystanders. Shit. I can't hardly move my neck.
We've already got an ambulance on the way. Don't try to get out.
Why would I do that.
It's taken care of.
<u>You're</u> doing all the talk.
I'm still in my cab jammed up in traffic. Are you there yet.
Any minute.
Then hang up. Do it.
I have no idea. They put us in the back of a van with blacked out windows. The shutters up here are nailed shut.
One of them <u>is</u> a cop.
What makes you say that.
Then they took the Mercedes away with his body in it.
They know Jack will give them what they want once they have her.
Even if I got there first she wouldn't go with me.
Shit stop with the money. I never asked for a nickel. I was just doing this. And you have to fuck it up with a price tag.
You're breaking up. I can't hear you. Theo.
I should've put them out of the car and come sooner.
What do you mean.
I'm cutting across to Bundy to Brentwood. That bank is our best bet. If anybody shows up I could follow them.
Did you hear that click.
They dragged me downstairs. I thought they were going to kill me.
I'm in possession of the bag he was carrying. And I'm in a position to negotiate. What about your husband and your child.
Your husband.
I can't do it.
Don't start thinking about it. Is the tape off.
All right. Now that you explain it I see that you're right.
She'll be with you soon. They're pulling up. They'll realize I kept my part of the bargain.
Because a lot of people would've gotten killed. Probably all the wrong ones.
Whose money is this.
You were at the Emerald that night.
As a child I hated being told how sweet I looked. That angelic little face wasn't me at all. I had to hurt people to prove to them they had the wrong image. Sometimes words were enough but I wasn't beyond inflicting physical pain in order to be taken seriously. I enjoyed seeing the shock on their poor faces when they realized who I was. That same look you gave me when I turned the gun on you.
We can't leave him to repeat anything.
Sure.
Fucking A it is. Any argument and I'm out of here.
I don't want to see her later. I want to hear her <u>now</u>.
We're waiting for the light to cross the highway. It just changed. We're in a grey van. It reads <u>Noble Carpet Cleaners</u>.
I make my end of the cash at 184000. Now I'm trying to figure out the bonds. What the face value is.
You'll still have the girl and the husband.
You pull up collect your first installment. Then you let the daughter go. When she reaches me I'll dump out another third. Same action. I back up again you pull forward. Satisfy yourself it's there. Then we do it one last time. The final exchange. And we go our separate ways.
I won't let 'em.
Sure I end up with some cash. And a lot of bonds I don't know how to dispose of.
Then you can sue the cops. Collect from both ends. Tighten your belts. Here it comes. Ready.
You couldn't be calling at a worse time Nels.
Sweet revenge plus maybe a bit of vigorish off your end.
Where's the backpack.
Was I picking on you. How come you pulled in back of this fruitstand.
Government business.
He's what she should run a mile from.
Who knows the secrets of the human heart.
He gave me a look.
Persistent.
Ask him yourself.
Fuck it is what I say.
You heard me   
It's Dave.
Yeah. I heard. You hear Jimmy.
She's not a tart.
He wants me to perform for him.
Why.
I'm not on my own am I.
Tried to. Sit down will you.
Are you jealous of him.
The thing is can you go the distance.
I'm wondering why you keep his things.
I have to talk to her Col   
Don't call me that.
Apologies my sweet.
Sure I do.
Shut up.
You think that's wise.
Probably.
A little.
Okay. Be a good girl and go inside.
Do you like me even a little bit.
Stayed all day in that room thinking every noise was you. There's something you're not telling me Jimmy.
Yes.
Did you hear me.
You didn't.
Anything.
I asked you a question honey were you there too   
Will I see you again.
That's good. I'm glad. Young love as they say.
There are certain things I wouldn't do for my country.
No way Jude. I'm out.
So I suppose a fuck is out of the question. Keep your head down Fergus. No sudden moves. And not a whisper to her. You'll be hearing from us.
Why.
Because tomorrow we might have to shoot him that's why.
Definitely unusual.
And you know what'll happen if you fuck up again don't you.
Yeah.
They won't let him die.
Not in your nature.
My inside pocket.
Like having a pint in the Metro   
Having a pint in the Metro and Dil's having a margarita.
Who's Dil.
Don't think that way.
But they will. As sure as night follows day. They have to. I want you to find her out. Tell her I was thinking of her.
A story.
Me. No I'm not good for much 
Faster than cricket.
What you say faster.
You didn't.
People. They could be looking.
You greenhorn you half witted thick skulled hare brained greenhorn. They wuz both too smart for us.
All that marvelous rejection you knew I couldn't resist it. Now it turns out you were only interested in the money.
That's right.
What about it.
Open up.
But Charles' appointment was last week not   
Can I really believe you this time Adam.
We. You mean you're  
Your husband was wanted by the U. S. government.
May I have a sandwich please.
Stop calling me that. Lampert's the name on the marriage license.
Oh you've got the money all right you just don't know you've got it.
You mean it's just lying around someplace all that cash.
Dyle or whatever his name is.
No what.
Carson.
We know what happened from the bits and pieces we were able to paste together but we still have no proof.
Mrs. Foster send a memo to Bartholomew at Security recommending that   
Is there a Mrs. Cruikshank.
Only if you can prove to me that you're really Brian Cruikshank.
We wait with our mouths shut.
But he'd have to. If he left he'd be admitting his guilt and the others would know what happened. Whoever it is has to wait here pretending to look for the money waiting for the rest of us to give up and go home. That's when he'll be safe and not a minute before.
It's all right with us   
Yes he is. He was my brother.
The army thinks he was killed in action by the Germans but I think they did it Tex Gideon and Scobie and your husband because he wouldn't go along with their scheme to steal the gold. I think he threatened to turn them in and they killed him. I'm trying to prove it. They think I'm working with them. But I'm not and that's the truth. I'm on your side Reggie please believe that.
Sure.
Yes but we're divorced.
You can't.
There must be some way.
Because he's wearing moccasins.
Whitefoot of course.
So was Juliet at fifteen.
That sounds like their problem.
Tuesday.
Viens Jean Louis we're going to have a treasure hunt.
A) It's always the person you don't suspect; B) that means you think it's Tex because you really suspect Gideon; therefore C) if you think it's Tex it has to be someone else Gideon.
Who.
What like Scobie.
First your brother then Charles now Scobie we've got to do something. Any minute now we could be assassinated. Would you do anything like that.
No   
The shower's in there.
I don't believe it.
I don't understand you at all one minute you're chasing me around the shower room and the next you're accusing me of murder.
Well I can't really blame you not now.
Sorry the name's Adam Canfield.
The man who bought them last week was American. I did not see him but I heard. I knew you would come.
You think that mebbe we're fishin' the wrong stream.
You don't s'pose one o' us has it like the man said I mean that'd be pretty distasteful us bein' vet'rans o' the same war 'n' all.
Nachurly. Jus' like I'd tell you.
The kid said   
I'm very confused.
I don't know. I suppose so.
Where did he keep his money.
C'est absurde Madame. To tale ment absurde.
Okay.
Swell only this man doesn't have a garden.
If you think you're getting credit for this you're crazy.
It's hers. Where'd you find him robbing a bank.
Sorry. Which view would you like.
Peter Joshua.
I'm not sure I   
It's terrible you just made it up.
Is there only one Charles Lampert.
How would you like a spanking.
So they think he left it with you.
Peter you've got to promise me something. Promise you'll never lie the way Charles did. Why do people have to tell lies.
The man you had the fight with.
What are you talking about.
Go to sleep I'll see you in the morning.
Good night.
He's allergic to him.
The stamp market of course it is here every Thursday afternoon. This is where Jean Louis trades his   
We want that money now.
He feels terrible about those things he said to you in school.
Better than a pile of dead teenagers.
That's impossible.
What. I WAS AT SANDY'S I JUST LOST TRACK OF TIME.
You are upset.
I am. I'm so very proud of you. Go back to sleep.
It can't be.
The same type that decides to carve into her stomach.
No.
I've been in a lot of people's houses and this one's the creepiest.
What are you doing here.
Of course I'm scared.
Then you should go.
Yes. We have no real freedom. You of all people should understand that. This may sting.
You're the killed.
I don't watch him eat everyday.
You eventually have to talk to him.
You're going to look really amoebic splitting off from me now.
But you can't do any of it. So it sucks. I always have to 'set an example'.
You're the one always saying 'Just do it'.
Ok.
It's like a pop your cherry party. Everyone's saying it's 'Fuck or Die' time.
I kind of like the idea that we can all lose it together on the same night. It'll be a lot less scary. You have to go.
Stag.
Twenty eight years ago.
No.
I heard you got attacked.
But if he'd been sent to jail there would be no Jody.
I'm making you feel like meat.
I'm scared. Three kids are dead. I want to go to this party.
Hi princess.
I need to ask you something.
You can ask me anything.
Whoever tried to kill me was made up to look exactly like this picture of Lisa Sherman clothes and all. I think that concerns me.
And the police did nothing.
You're not telling me something.
I got to go.
What.
Hi Sandy.
That wasn't me..
Okay okay.
EXT. MOTEL   NIGHT.
INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK/CAB   DAWN.
 shit.
INT. POSTAL VAN   DAY.
No argument there.

Hey you and I are seein' eye to eye on a whole range of issues this mornin'.
I need your truck.
For cryin' out loud.
Wait wait wait. Hold up. Hold up. Look.
Hey you're gonna piss me   What the hell are you supposed to be 
What the hell's goin' on.
 town.
Suppose you're gonna shoot me because you can't get service on my cell phone.
To get to McGruder you have to go through Missoula and I ain't goin' to Missoula.
You stole this truck.
I did not steal this truck.
Fine.
You're nuts goin' back there.

Doesn't 


 truck.
You can just bend over and kiss your crazy ass goodbye buddy.
Eight and a half feet wide. Weighs over five tons.
I don't think we have much of a choice 
Okay.
Oh Petey. Oh Petey. Oh please Pete. Please don't do this to me. Okay.

Oh Pete. Oh shit. Oh shit.
Come on.
All right.
Aw shit
Taking it down the hill.
Oh shit. Okay. Come on.

See now why would you do that to a man in my posi..
It won't even start half the time.
 there'd be a sales rep desk with my name on it. But every time something opened up there'd be some idiot cousin 
Started every game my senior year. Not all American or anything but not bad. Anyway the real star was my best friend the quarterback. Got taken in the first round.
 hospital.
We got two paddles.
Well all the same. If we get to Missoula help me find a car. I'd appreciate it. Then you can 
Whoo.
Hey.  Mason.
 squirm I don't want his brains all over my shirt 
They're movin'.
We're gonna die.
Oh.

Arlo.

You got Elvis..

  ful..

What's it say.
What.
Sorry.
Arlo I'm gonna get Elvis. You go.
They'll meet you at the top.
What'd you come back for..
Elvis is still in there. It's gonna go off.
They aren't exactly gonna publicize this Arlo.
Always the negative 
Who drove the ice cream 
 truck that kept Elvis cool.
But he didn't. See that's negotiation.
Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah.
To tell you the truth we're looking for a scientist who's gone missing from the Tech Center. Maybe you know him. Richard Long.
Just give me Elvis and I'll make sure you have enough money for a dozen ice cream trucks.
Oh my God.
 take my sorry old truck.
 about the man who did this he's he's comin' after it.
 Mason. I can barely hear you.
 including the permanently extreme.

If you're right Lewis this Mason is one hell of a pro. He must have a service record and a paper trail some..
Grateful.
Do you remember telling me once that all through my career I'd never fit in. Well 
 you were right of course. But after 
Do you think I haven't seen the bodies of those 
Almost quaint.
Why is it you scientists can create implements of destruction 
 happen if I drop this.
I can't say it's a surprise.
 I lost all my squeamishness at Leav ..
INT. BRYNNER'S VAN   DAY.
Move.
I wanna patch in from 
We were called in by the Jerome base 
 to pursue a man who's stolen government proper..
Right. Tim Mason.
Like I say Doc Long's 
  spite the mouth.





Two pots of coffee 
Ah.
His I know. Yours I don't have a clue. But if it wasn't for you I think he'd have drifted right on through this town.
And you ain't gonna start now.
INT. VITELLI'S HELICOPTER   DAY.
Missoula's reporting the refrigerator truck as a stolen vehicle. I told you Mason was walking shit.
And where are you going.
 is a perfect hunter.
There's only one way you can do it Mason.
 and that power 
 is death.
Never let it reach fifty degre degrees.
Tryin' to remember somethin' somebody once told me about tyin' a fly.
If you're not out of there soon I have got to seal the 
So you don't remember 
You redneck idiot do you have 
Just go check the temperature.
Don't move.
Yeah I'm sure.
All right go.
BLACK BACKGROUND.
INT. TUNNEL   DAY.
A ruler.
The print's pretty fine. I forgot my glasses. I'd like to be able to read across.
It doesn't hurt.
Who's the investigating officer.
Maybe.
When was the last time.
What about her.
Just find the girl.
And that's what you were going to do in the Valley.
There's going to be some irate citizens when they find out they're paying for water they're not getting.
Oh gee Mr. Gittes we're going out tomorrow. I know you been real good about it but my cousin Auggie's sick.
I might be able to squeeze an extra seventy five bucks out of it for you. Maybe an even hundred.
You sure this is okay.
Okay.
The apple core club.
Summer colds are the worst.
Yeah they are.
Looking for someone.
Didn't you call.
Yeah. Somebody wanted to shake down Mulwray she hired you and that's how you happen to know Mulwray was murdered.
Well I hope she wasn't too much of a disappointment to you Lou.
Too late for what.
Matter of fact I do.
Her maid's house. I think she knows something's up.
What's the maid's address.
Take it easy take it easy it was an accident.
Jake you're very disturbed. You're crazy. That's her father.
Mrs. Mulwray do you happen to know the name of the young woman in question.
Iced tea.
Mr. Gittes you've talked me into it. I'll drop the lawsuit.
Look at it this way. Now this phony broad excuse the language says she's you she's hired me. Whoever put her up to it didn't have anything against me. They were out to get your husband. Now if I see him I can help him. Did you talk this morning.
Stop it. The money's fine. It's generous but you've shortchanged me on the story.
I was grateful.
I don't see anyone for very long Mr. Gittes. It's difficult for me. Now I think you know all you need to about me. I didn't want publicity. I didn't want to go into any of this then or now. Is this all.
Not exactly. Well I mean yes. Yes and no. Hollis felt the public should own the water but I don't think my father felt that way. Actually it was over the Van der Lip. The dam that broke.
Of course I'm sure.
They may not know it but they are.
Just. I don't know why. I'm asking.
Working for the District Attorney.
Yeah.
And I want to know where.
Please don't be angry  believe me it's got nothing to do with you.
Where are you going.
Please . Trust me this much  I'll be back. Look there is something I should tell you. The fishing club that old lady mentioned the pieces off the flag.
Then let's go talk to her.
Yes.
Like she knows about Hollis' death. Like she knows more than you want her to tell.
You won't go to the police if I tell you.
No 
What are you saying.
Who is she. And don't give me that crap about it being your sister. You don't have a sister.
She's my daughter.
 where does Kyo live.
Oh yes we have  are you alone Mr. Gittes.
Well I never expected anything to happen like what happened to Mr. Mulwray the point is if it ever comes out I want somebody to know I didn't know what would happen.
Oh no.
 Why don't you give me your address and we can talk this over.
Don't be sorry neither does Dad. Wanted to make sure though didn't we honey.
Drowned too.
It's not completely dry.
Sure you do.
I'm afraid not Mrs. Mulwray. These men are my operatives and at some point they're going to assist me. I can't do everything myself.
Never heard of 'em  new owners.
Gittes.
I don't know. The traffic was pretty loud. I only heard one thing – apple core.
Let me explain something to you Walsh. This business requires a certain finesse.
Yeah. What's wrong with you guys. Think ahead. We find 'em sue 'em. We'll make a killing. We'll have dinner at Chasen's twice a week we'll be pissing on ice the rest of our lives.
Neither do I.
You must be thinking of a different daughter.
Look Toto. Before I kick your ass all the way to China and back let's make a deal. These strips here are yours I give them to you. However. One you're not to stick your nose in here any more. Two I'll keep them for you because you can't take them home for God forbid and save our souls if they catch fire all hell will break loose. OK. Oh  And now scram.
Toto come here.
Because I'm an idiot. How many other guys in town know how to be a projectionist. None. Only a jerk like me could do it. Besides I wasn't lucky. When I was a kid there was the war. When I grew up another war. Now it's all different. Times have changed. And you want to be a dope like me. Huh. Answer me.
That's right Modern Times.
It's people in the slaughter house killing a calf. There's blood all over the floor like a lake. And through this lake another calf passes by on its way to die.
Just so Alfredo. There isn't any. And if you buy a television set you can watch it at home without any fuss 
Good this way we can finally talk. I'll convince him this time.
It isn't here Mr. Bernstein. I'm dictating it.
I can't take shorthand.
Re figure it Mr. Bernstein at two cents.
Mr. Leland if Mr. Kane he should decide to drop the price to one cent or maybe even he should make up his mind to give the paper away with a half pound of tea   you'll just hold him until I get back won't you.
You're right Mr. Bernstein.
Well why don't you Mr. Bernstein. You know Mr. Leland.
That's right. They called us the Three Musketeers.
That Rosebud. Maybe some girl. There were a lot of them back in the early days and  
Oh yes. He saw to that. I tell you Mr. Thompson he was a hard man to figure out. He had that funny sense of humor. And then too maybe he thought by finishing that piece he could show Leland he was an honest man. You see Leland didn't think so. I guess he showed him all right. He's a nice fellow but he's a dreamer. They were always together in those early days when we just started the Enquirer.
Yes.

I made Miss   Miss Alexander send you the note. She was a little unwilling at first   but she did it.
I'd rather Mr. Kane withdrew without having to get the story published. Not that I care about him. But I'd be better off that way  and so would you Mrs. Kane.
You're a cheap crooked grafter   and your concern for your children and your mother  
What are you waiting here for. Why don't you go.
Thanks.
I'll get these streets fixed if it's the last thing I do.
No. That is I bet it turns out I've heard your name a million times only you know how it is  
Oh me  
Oh no. Nothing like that. Mother always thought   she used to talk about Grand Opera for me. Imagine. An American girl for one thing   and then my voice isn't really that kind anyway it's just that Mother   you know what mothers are like.
Oh you wouldn't want to hear me sing.
Yes I would. That's why I asked.
That's when you've got to fight them. That's when you've got to make them. That's  
Half past eleven.
Can't we go back Charlie.
I was referring to myself. I thought we might have a picnic tomorrow   it might be a nice change after the Wild West party tonight. Invite everybody to go to the Everglades  
Susan I really think  
I'm going to be elected governor. And the first thing I'm going to do  
I see.
I understand that you have political ambitions. Unfortunately you seem incapable of allowing any other opinion but your own  
Our readers are anyway I don't know about the rest of the country.
I'd like that.
Why not. Well   nobody's a great man in your estimation until he's dead.
Charlie. Now you're not making sense.
I'm drunk.
Why is she leaving me.
You might have made the whole thing less personal.
You almost convince me. I'm just drunk enough to tell you the truth. I have to be a little drunk for that because I'm a coward. You know that. That's why you keep me around. You only associate with your inferiors Charlie. I guess that's why you ran away from Emily. Because you can't stand the company of your equals. You don't like to admit they exist   the other big people in your world are dead. I told you that.
That's what you think is it Jim.
Maybe you could remember something that  
He knows the first Mrs. Kane socially   That's the answer we got.
On your way out stop at a cigar store will you and send me up a couple of cigars.
I wonder how they put all those pieces together.
We're leaving tonight. As soon as they're through photographing the stuff  
Think again.
What did you get.
What do you mean.
He wanted me to be comfortable   Oh why should I bother. You don't believe me but it's true. It just happens to be true. He was really interested in my voice. What are you smiling for. What do you think he built that opera house for. I didn't want it. I didn't want to sing. It was his idea   everything was his idea   except my leaving him.
They haven't been tough on me. I just lost my money. But when I compare these last ten years with the twenty I spent with him  
Rosebud.
This. How long have you been smoking.
No I think I'll drink it in here thanks.
You'd think she was marrying him. What are you watching.
Wow you got thrown out. For Dante.
What can I say. He does weird things to me.
Can I watch.
He went home to change for the big date.
And I'm caught in the middle torn between my loyalty for the boss and my desire to piss with the light on.
I'll try to manage.
No don't.
Were you going to tell me or just send me an invitation.
And you said yes.
Is that what they teach you at that school of yours. Kind of sort of. Everyone knows about this except me. Do you know how humiliating that is.
I love a macho façade. It's such a turn on. What smells like shoe polish.
But you were.
Stop it. He's a nice guy.
If he's so nice why aren't you going to marry him.
Tell me I don't have something to do with it.
I'm sure Sang and Veronica. would like that.
I don't know. Maybe we should just see what happens.
Sang.
I offer you my body and you offer me semantics. He's just a boyfriend Dante and in case you haven't gotten the drift of why I came all the way here from Ohio I'm about to become single again. And yes let me placate your ego you are the inspiration for this bold and momentous decision for which I'll probably be ostracized at both school and home. You ask me who I choose I choose you.
You're such an asshole.
I'll ask Randal to close up for me when he gets back.
Where'd he go. I'd have thought he'd be at your side like an obedient lapdog.
I left like an hour ago.
She thought it was me.
Pack of cigarettes.
They certainly do. Two fifty five.
Well he missed.
So I'm told.
This doesn't even have Burt Reynolds in it.
I'll bet the most frequent topic of arguments is Caitlin Bree.
In the middle of it she calls me Brad.
I'm talking to myself here.
Return of the Jedi.
Now he's in charge of the Empire. The Imperial government is under his control. And the entire galaxy is under Imperial rule.
It would stand to reason yes.
More or less.
And you figured it out.
This guy is going through all of the eggs. Look.
The quest isn't going well.
FUCK.
At least let me maintain some semblance of managerial control here.
I don't know. You going to lock the video store.
Exactly. They drank it all.
I still can't believe Caitlin's getting married.
No I'm serious.
Why not.
You hate people.
But I love gatherings. Isn't it ironic.
That's nothing compared to how my cousin Walter died.
He made it hunhh.
Reach what.
I can't help it. At least when we were playing hockey outside I could see if anyone wanted to go in.
I'm telling you it wasn't my fault.
So they'll put her back in. It's not like it's gonna matter if she breaks something.
Hermaphroditic porn. Starlets with both organs. You should see the box: Beautiful women with dicks that put mine to shame.
And this is what you rented.
I got fined for selling cigarettes to a minor.
I thought you never sold cigarettes to kids.
Holy shit. That girl.
You're happy.
What time did we go to the funeral.
It's true. You'll sit there and blame life for dealing a cruddy hand never once accepting the responsibility for the way your situation is.
It is. You just up and quit. There are other jobs and they pay better money. You're bound to be qualified for at least one of them. So what's stopping you.
Thanks.
Like ten after.
You get my slapped with a fine you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse. To top it all off you ruin my relationship. What's your encore. Do you anally rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gas tank. You know what the real tragedy is. I'm not even supposed to be here today.
I'm calling out. Going to hit the hospital see how Caitlin is. Then try to see Veronica.
Get the fuck outta here already.
Excuse me.
I heard you strain when you put the milk in the bag. That milk only weighs about seven pounds.
No fat but no tone either. You don't get enough exercise.
Oh man. Hey you still going out with her.
Done poisoning the youth for the day.
I should start.
It's not my store.
A dollar sixty nine plus tax.
Veronica.
You calling me a liar.
I'm trying.
No he got hit by a bus.
Thanks son. Say what kind of toilet paper you got back there.
Yeah okay. Go ahead.
Uh can I have the other one. The one below this one. They show more in that one.
Too hard.. I don't have enough indignities in my life people start throwing cigarettes at me.
I'm only here until twelve then I'm gone. The boss is coming in.
What were you doing.
Really.
Making a male climax is not all that challenging: insert somewhere close and preferably moist; thrust; repeat.
Oh you think so.
Do I get to hit you after you tell me.
Vegetable meaning paraplegic.
Jesus would you stop. You make my head hurt when you talk about this.
Sylvan made it up. It's a blow job thing.
He gets off on it.
But  but you said you only had sex with three guys. You never mentioned him.
You sucked his dick.
Oh my God. Why did you tell me you only slept with three guys.
I did understand. I understand that you slept with three different guys and that's all you said.
Dante 
I'm going to class.
Well  why did you have to suck their dicks. Why didn't you just sleep with them like any decent person..
Because going down it's a big deal. I used to like a guy we'd make out and sooner or later I'd go down on him. But I only had sex with the guys I loved.
I love you. Don't feel sick.
Really. You're the best.
Bummer Well I've gotta head back for the one thirty class.
If you didn't want to go out with me anymore why didn't you just say it. Instead you pussyfoot around and see that slut behind my back.
Veronica I love you 
Usually I just turn the can upside down.
Yes. I'm not out of shape.
The due date is on the bottom. This summons cannot be contested in any court of law. Failure to remit before the due date will result in a charge of criminal negligence and a warrant will be issued for your arrest. Have a nice day.
Oh yeah. You were the built older guy with the black Trans and the big 
You hope what feels good.
Ain't gonna happen my friend. I'm getting that tape.
No I'm just visiting my man. Dante this is Willam Black. This is Dante Hicks my boyfriend.
No way death breath that was too intense for thunder. C'mon let's rock an' roll.
They're about two hundred yards from the top of the tower right where that ledge comes out Gabe.
Hal will have my head for this.
I admit I can be bought.
Jessie girl this is insane. Weather stat called in wind gusts up to 50 knots for tonight.
Bags.
I need my bolt gun and an ice axe.
Love's a killer isn't it.
You do and the spring thaw is going to be worth a lot of cash.
I'm here for the same reason you are so let's do it.
Look I know  
My pleasure.
Near Freedom Falls. She went for help.
Take the gun.
Fine I guess 
You can stop right there.
I don't think you do.
I was there you were the only one who didn't panic. So do everyone a favor don't hog all the guilt. You held on as long as you could. Yes everything did go wrong starting with Hal. I mean what was he doing up on the Tower with a girl who could barely climb.
And I can't leave.
He doesn't want my help.
That's not the issue here those people are. He can't do it alone.
What if he can't.
I only came back for you.
Making things real rough for Hal.
No actually it was more like mutual attacking.
Start pulling it apart. We're climbing down on it.
Never what..
Take the rope.
And miss all of this peace and quiet. Never right Hal.
What the fuck you mean you burned it.
There is.
Half a day.
Hold on baby he'll get you.
<u>Negative</u>. The winds are too high. I'm going to ride out the storm here. I'll take shelter in the Douglas Exhibition Shaft. Over and out.
Climb Gabe climb.
Who the hell ever is. This is the most protected shipment we've got   and the most useless. These bills aren't even <u>in</u> circulation; the one thousand dollar bills we're transporting are only used for international banking exchange.
Somehow I didn't think you'd wait for me if I'd sent it first.
Pardon me. Luce. He raises glass to breast pulls red handle between her legs. Milk spurts into glass. Dim joins the others. Alex looks at a party of tourists.
Then by God you have been sent here by providence. Tortured in prison then thrown out to be tortured by the Police. My heart goes out to you poor poor boy. Oh you are not the first to come here in distress. The Police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it is providential that you who are also another kind of victim should come here. But you're cold and shivering. Julian draw a bath for this young man.
Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not shall we say satisfactory yes.
Much better thank you sir.
Fine sir fine.
Thank you very much sir.
To what do I owe this extreme pleasure sir. Anything wrong sir. Deltoid playfully grabs Alex's hair.
Cut out all this clever talk about milicents. Just because the Police haven't picked you up lately doesn't as you very well know mean that you've not been up to some nastiness. There was a bit of a nastiness last night yes. Some very extreme nastiness yes. A few of a certain Billyboy's friends were ambluenced off late last night yes. Your name was mentioned the word's got thru to me by the usual channels. Certain friends of yours were named also. Oh nobody can prove anything about anybody as usual but I'm warning you little Alex being a good friend to you as always the one man in this sore and sick community who wants to save you from yourself. Deltoid makes a grab for Alex's joint but finds his hand instead. Alex laughs. Derisively and rises. Deltoid distractedly reaches for a glass of water on the night table and fails to notice a set of false teeth soaking in them. He drinks from the glass. The clink of the teeth sounding like ice cubes.
That's just worries me. A bit too long to long to be reasonable. You're about due now by my reckoning that's why I'm warning you little Alex to keep your handsome young proboscis out of the dirt. Do I make myself clear.
You try to frighten me sir admit so sir. This is some new form of torture. Say it brother sir.
And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film of like a concentration camp the background music was playing Beethoven.
Snuff it sir  um  death I mean missus  Er  I just want to die peacefully like with no  pain.
Do you still feel suicidal.
Yes  well good to see you on the mend. I've kept in constant touch with the hospital of course and now I've come to see you personally to see how you're getting along.
We put him away where he can do you no harm. You see we are looking after your interests. We are interested in you and when you leave here you will have no further worries. We shall see to everything  a good job on a good salary.
Certainly sir. What do they call you at home.
Keeping fit then.
Fine fine.
Oh aye aye.
Aye that's Joe. He  ummmm lives here now. The lodger. That's what he is  he  he rents your room. Alex confronts Joe.
Well all this needs thinking about son. I mean we can't very well just kick Joe out  Not just like that can we. I mean Joe is here doing a job. A contract it is two years. Well we made like an arrangement didn't we Joe. You see son Joe's paid next month's rent already so well whatever we do in the future we cant just say to Joe to get out now can we.
Sorry brother. I didn't mean any offence.
Murder sir.
Yes sir Church of England sir.
Fine  fine.
Something like that. You are a little undernourished so after each meal were going to give you a shot. Roll over on your right side please loosen your pyjama pants and pull them half way down. He does somewhat reluctantly. She gives him a shot in the bum.
Something like that.
You mean I have to viddy two sessions in one day.
I imagine you'll be feeling a little bit limp by the end of the day. But we have to be hard on you. You have to be cured.
I haven't seen you before.
Now then each of these slides needs a reply from one of the people in the picture. You'll tell me what you think the person would say. Alright.
I just say what the other person would say.
I never forget a face. I never forget any face be God.
Then there was like a sea of dirty smelly old men trying to get at your humble Narrator with their feeble rookers and horny old claws. It was Old Age having a go at Youth and I daren't do a single solitary thing O my brothers it being better to be hit at like that than want to be sick and feel that horrible pain. The Tramp crowd round Alex shouting.
Indeed.
Certainly my son certainly. Is there something troubling you my son. Don't be shy to speak up. Remember I know all the urges that can trouble young men deprived of the society of women.
These things get around Father. Two Warders talk as it might be and somebody can't help overhearing what they say. Then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper tells all about it. How about putting me in for this new treatment Father.
Have you been receiving medical treatment for any serious illness.
Leave to carry on sir please.
Big big money.
I agree sir. What we need are larger prisons. More money.
Park Avenue and East 2nd. Take Centre to Canal up the Bowery Cooper and Third left on 41st come around on Park.
Sixth is a parking lot north of 23rd this time of day.
Yes you could. I think you need it more than I do. It'll help. I promise.
Yes. Stay put goddamn it. Don't move from that spot 
You still carrying passengers.
This vehicle's not safe to drive. We're gonna have to impound it. Get you towed. Step away from the vehicle and pop the trunk. I'm sorry sir you'll have to find another cab.
Fella owned this place back then Dix Dwyer he let slip to Louis that I played. So Pops he just waves me right up. My heart about stopped. But I got up there all the same and we played for nearly twenty minutes.
I think ..I think you should get this gun out of my fucking face.
You tell me. I had to toss the list in the river. I was protecting your sorry long winded ass. So why don't you show a little courtesy.
Tell me. Has Black Peter already crossed off a few bad children.
Oh we working for the Feds now. If my snitch flew out a window he's got Dmitri's handprints on his ass. That makes it homicide that makes it ours.
Oh right. The guy flipped out or something. Killed some people then put a gun to his own head.
Oh.
Cabbie had no criminal record no history of mental illness. Suddenly he just wigs out and pops three people then himself. Plus the victims weren't random solid citizens. They were all lowlives. Wiseguys. I've always wondered if there was someone else in the cab.
Oh call me Ida. To what do we owe the pleasure.
Tell my son. You have to hold a gun to his head to get him to come see me.
I got caught up at work.
He paid for 'em.
Twenty four minutes.
Yeah. Lucky with the lights.
You always stutter.
I think so.
What else calms you down. Candy. Cigarettes. Sex. Breathe.
I can't do that. He's the Man. He'll fire my ass.
People in the wrong place at the wrong time. Draws attention which is something you avoid in my line of work. And for <u>you.</u> You attract attention you're gonna get people killed who don't need to be.
I'm what. Sorry.
Jazz. Music.
It's cause they don't like their lives so they project their patterns of negative behavior onto you  I had a father like that.
Don't be. I never saw him after I was 15. Went into the military early. So all this talk about my job's temporary I got big plans it's all bullshit.
Why me. Why don't <u>you</u> do it.
Tribeca near the waterfront northeast corner. Twelve minutes.
It's what I do for a living.
What's at Union Station.
How are you at math. I was hired for five hits. I did four.
Whyn't you kill me and find another cab.
You're too good. We're in this together. Fates intertwined. Cosmic coincidence and all that crap 
What are you gonna do pull the trigger. Kill us. Go ahead man. <u>Shoot</u> my ass.
Was your seatbelt fastened honey.
Drop me off here.
Look I'm sorry   
Just drop me off.
You think I'm crazy.
Sure. You switched the charts didn't you.
You switched the charts; you tell me.
Till today I haven't believed a word. Now I'm curious. Six months eleven days. I'm going to give you one more hour to impress me. Where to.
Yeah. I think so.
I have no idea.
I'm not sure. I think I figured something out. It must've been in my newsletter.
Flesh wound. No big deal.
Getting rid of my hub.
Jerry there's something I have to ask you. Actually about a hundred things but we can make progress if you answer one question. To my satisfaction.
I didn't mean for you to see it. It's like looking in someone's diary and taking it out of context. Know what I mean.
Is this your dad.
How'd he die.
There are all kinds of groups all kinds of initials. But they're all part of two warring factions. One: families that have held wealth for centuries. They want one thing. Stability. Group Two: the boat rockers. Eisenhower's military industrial complex. They want instability. It's a trillion dollar a year business. When there isn't a hot war they make a cold one.
Cold War's over Jerry.
I see the big picture and you stumble around in the details.
Do you watch the news. Read the paper. Last week this whole place was underwater.
They don't break in the summer. Do you know what building is right over this spot. Harriman Tower. Their sub basement was flooded. He didn't die in a pool. Call the coroner in Rhode Island. Ask if the water in his lungs was chlorinated.
I thought you Why Love ruins everything doesn't it.
He kept it in the side table in the front hallway. He showed me. I visited a few times. Then one of Jonas's guys visited. When I arrived your dad was dying.
I'm sorry.
Without a love of my own.
Don't do this.
We got someone watching her 24 hours a day. She   
Whatever.
As in <u>Catcher in the Rye</u>.
As in 'resulting in death.' We pushed the envelope until it wasn't even an envelope anymore.
Me. I was a minor missionary a heretic really. But where else could a red blooded American boy lie cheat steal and kill with the sanction and blessings of the All Highs. Besides now I'm trying to pay my penance.
And what did I say.
So you'll believe what I tell you next. Because I need to find Jerry. And I don't think I can do that without you.
Nothing. I was just making sure. So who are you.
There's no plug to pull.
Dr. Drumlin we are talking about what could potentially be the most important discovery in the history of humanity. There are over four hundred billion stars out there   
I disagree.
The difference being what that I refuse to adopt the standard line that I don't care about the results of my work. Well I do care. Of course any discovery has to be verifiable of course it must be subject to all rigors of scientific method but I refuse to go around pretending I'm some kind of dispassionate automaton when it's obvious to anyone with a brain I'm just not.
You were right Ellie. You were right all along.
Ellie.
How soon will you be able to decode it.
I'm not sure. You mind checking right ascension 18 hours 34 minutes; declination plus 38 degrees 41 minutes.
Is that your official response.
Am I artifact or dream. You might ask that about anything.
Can you show me.
Not all. Some choose to stay at home and dream their dreams. Some never make it this far.
So we passed some kind of test.
The librarian  or the library .
You always have been. We're all descendants of the same stars Ellie. All made of the same primordial atoms.
Once upon a time I was a hell of an engineer. Please sit Doctor. I have guests so rarely it's important to me they feel welcome in my home. Did you know this was once Yeltsin's flying dascha. That dent is where he threw a bottle of vodka at the pilot. At least that's what the people who sold me the plane said 
What are you talking about. It's over.
I think whoever sent the message did it because they're worried about us.
Mmm. Look closer.
I think it is your naivete I like best about you Eleanor. Oh there'll be a worldwide protest but we all knew it from the very beginning. You Americans discovered the signal you led the decryption effort. The machine is being built on your home soil  Of course the passenger will be an American chosen by Americans. Anyway it is what the whole world wants no. This is the big show. The sort you put on better than anyone. It's good marketing. It's good casting. It's the American way.
That's what they all say.
'  is indistinguishable from magic.'
Very smooth. It's Palmer right. Where I came from a palmer was a person who cheated at cards. Really though  the Bible describes a God who watches over one tiny world a few thousand years old. I look out there and see a universe of hundreds of billions of galaxies each with hundreds of billions of stars  I mean burn me for a heretic but your God seems awfully small.
I remember. You were indelicate indiscreet and entirely less than tactful  Sound like anyone you know.
Maybe that's okay.
What is it.
Do you really think your life is meaningless Eleanor. Is that why you're so quick to risk it because if your life means nothing then you have nothing to lose.
And yet that's always how I seem to end up isn't it. If you really do love me Palmer you'll leave. Now. Please.
I'm assuming you read my deposition.
They don't believe me.
In other words.
For managing the truth. But the truth won't be managed sir. It stops being the truth the moment you try.
Have your department make a full report.
I'll make it a dollar.
I got two years.
No it hain't Luke. You ain't alone. Ever whar you go I'm with you and so's John.
Yeah would of been nice to of knowed him the way you talk about him.
Well why not. Idee of marryin' got you all choked up trying to pretend you was respectable you was borin' the hell out of all of us.
Boss you don't need reasons to hit me.
She's got him. You hear that.
Wouldn't surprise me none. Wicker Man says you got a hundred  twenny and some change in the Captain's safe and you got your five dollars pocket money  That'll buy you a whole fistfull of cards. You in or out.
It'd go to your coconut head. You'd start getting ideas. Maybe even pass right out.
Well you know. Small town not much to do in the evenings. Mostly it was settling up old scores.
Damn Luke. What's the matter with you. what's the matter with me.
Like an elephant.
Like I always do.
Maybe we oughta call you No Ears. You don't listen much do you boy.
You just said he could eat anything.
Forty five.
That fool. That damn fool.
Cuter.
I had the dream again. And I got another call. This time he spoke. He said You and me you and me.
Andy. When a three year old says there's a monster under the bed you don't say 'forget it'. You look under the bad. I'm three years old. Call the prison.
Monsieur Andy can <u>smell</u> your coiffure. And guess what else.
But </u>alive</u>.
Oh God uniforms more stress. Let her sleep. It's a self limiting: she hyperventilates till she passes out then her breathing goes back to normal and she wakes up singing like a lark. We know don't we Princess. Give her a couple of hours. I know about this.
Gaahhd. What a <u>cop</u>. You busted me. The new one in the Marina. She has a police radio scanner. It's always on. She turns it off and then she has to turn it on again. She's obsessed. She can't not listen to it but she can't listen to it so she makes me listen to it.
Yes. I believed him.
She's supposed to have it.
I sent it by private courier he didn't give it to you. That son of a gun .
Ah ha. What did he want.
Something personal. Is he bothering you.
You've been perfect. Don't spoil the symmetry you have to have a male cop.
You know where.
Would you want to work with us on this.
How do you know that.
If you knew why you might know where to look for him. I don't envy you this; he's not done he's going to do them faster and faster to keep the adrenaline rush. Now I've done what you asked me.
One officer already got killed trying to protect me. Please just take it all away. Leave me alone.
I just came from her  here's what you haven't seen.
I want a guard on you. I'm worried about leaving you alone.
He comes in the window we maybe grab him. Where's the on switch.
Clint is putting a guard on you. But if you swear to leave the computer on Winona will assign him to the hall outside.
Ruben's dead.  So stupid a cop thing a crazy kid and a buncha dumb mistakes  I'm sorry  because you and he 
He felt sorry for me. It was so nice to flirt. He was a darling man.
Where's the john. Let me clean up this mess and get back to work.
Oh shut up and don't be so damn self righteous.
Let me get a little action started here.
I just started it copying to tape but the tape never ran. It just did that 
Well. Another time then. I'll be all right. He's not going to attack me; what I' m rally afraid of is all in my own head Ruben.
I'll get a locksmith.
Will you stay. Please. I'm afraid to sleep  I don't want <u>him</u> in my head 
Merry how  oh Christ of course you had my phone tapped.
He wants me he doesn't care about her. Let me 
We've put a tap on Dr. Hudson's phone. I know you won't mention it.
Lieutenant Quinn.
Not what I meant; why <u>me</u>.
Maybe it's something you did in this life Nikko 
Oh I know.
You're shitting ion your career. You outrank hi 
You're in terrible trouble Nikko.
I'm sure she thinks it is. Aren't you at least interested in which one it is.
You damn well better start working on that impulse control. A woman who is implicated in this case. Someone who's practically a piece of <u>evidence</u>.
Right.
What clues. I'm going to work Helen Hudson.
Have you seen it.
Would you like to tuck him though. In that car.
It's not here. Maybe the police are still holding it. Their forensic people 
A complimentary ticket for a special stunt driving exhibition. Definitely not part of the big auto show. There's a map in the packet and a note requesting you be discrete about the location.
The case could be made.
Where are you.
I miss Beast a lot too.
I don't need a lecture.  I care about Michael.
Then that's even more reason to listen. Look schizophrenics tend to withdraw from reality. They experience emotional disturbances that result in personality changes.
Mom and Dad. At dinner together. Are you crazy.
Thanks so much for planning it Letty. Jake's really looking forward to it.
What's the matter.
I can hardly wait 'til you're free. Planning the wedding without you has been a disaster.
Mom please.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Mom I was there and I just I was so  They didn't have the olives and I I got so upset. I don't know how it happened.
We all agree with the doctor Dear. He thinks it's safer for you to stay here for a while.
He's been looking everywhere for weeks Mom.  It's not that easy after you've been locked away.
It's got a green dot on its back. I can't go to sleep with it watching me.
I guess so. I think that's right.
It was romantic.  He's very romantic.
It's magic.
No.
The lady knows this is a dandelion.
Back to back sessions with the shrink.
The mission up in Santa Barbara.
You're right. I guess I was projecting. What I should have said is It's a good thing I love you.
I saw Paul leaving.  Did you do the dirty deed.
I love your apartment.
I like it.   But Headlines are better.
You've got one hell of a great body.
Yeah.  How was the job search.
Steak.
We both talked to her Michael. And your dad.
Why'd you tell.
I think I should call someone.
And all the plans we have.
Just promise me you'll be OK OK.
You should go.
The receptionist said you called earlier about something.
I mean tonight.
You can get out of the dinner.
It's it's really nice Paul.
That's a load off my mind.
Oh none. None. I completely understand what was going on.
I've already thought about how to tell the kids where I was.
A pass. How you gonna give me a pass. A witness can put me at the crime scene.
Witness' can be convinced they made a mistake. Without the murder weapon the D.A. won't have enough to prosecute you.
I thought you wanted Zammito.
Marcel.
You're calling me on is phone.
Vincent's in the States on business. That it.
Uh yeah.
Good.  I have a job for you in America.
The job is worth about two million euros. Pull this off and you and your crew could make some real money Daniel. You leave tomorrow.
   I've got the tapes. If you ever want to see your brother out of jail do exactly what I say. Bring one million euros to your boat at six o'clock.
Supernumerary. It means better than expected.
To tell you that we're interested in the property.
No I'm good Angelo.
You should. You can learn a lot about the criminal justice system on a program like that. Very informative. Stay and watch it with me.
I did. Joey Two Tons and Nicky The Rake did the deed.
Some cash. Jewelry. The other stuff I can replace but there's a cardboard box  photos of my mother. They're the only ones I have of her.
We've got a lot of people looking for us. We'd just like to go home.
Half the tapes.
You're always pointing out my negative qualities. My analyst says positive reinforcement is a much more productive way of relating with people.
Because you're the closest.
I'm just setting my boundaries.
I'm going to kill him myself.
And the Vodka.
We'll think of something.
This ain't about that and you know it. This is about you never forgiving me for leaving the crew.
We all agreed to it. You had no way of knowing Bastaldi was setting us up.
No.  Chicks dig me.
I think he'd cut his dick off if Bastaldi told him to.
I ain't bullshittin'. I can get guns. I can get any kind of gun you want. But they ain't gonna help your sorry ass. You ain't been in town one day and already you got two of the toughest people in Chicago looking for you. How is that possible.
I can see that. The man's car you stole. Raphael Ruiz. He's head of the 19th Street gang and one crazy motherfucker. And Frankie Zammito's got the word out he's looking for some French dudes. You're French ain't ya.
I just thought that  
Everything.
You know why I'm handling it very well. Because you're going to get these guys for me.
Dead bodies. The ones in the Lincoln are your  associates.
The Holiday Hotel.
There must be half a million dollars here though.
No.  145 Ridgeroad Way.
This wasn't the deal. The deal was to steal a necklace not get in the middle of a Mafia war.
There's no reason to be abusive. You're projecting your anger on me as a defense mechanism.
Normally I'd be breaking your fingers right now but I'm going to give you a chance to make enough to pay me back and have some extra for yourself. We have a group going to Chicago to do a job. You're going with them.
Yeah and he can't stand it that I tried to do something to better myself.
You see that car.
I know where she went.
Tonight.
Take a nap.
That's how you get to know someone. Did it hurt when you got it.
It's not your fault.
I thought I'd listen to some of the tapes. See what's so important that a mob guy has to lock it away in his safe.
After last night I could say the same for you.
Stick around and find out.
Yeah. I'm going home today.  What do you want Frankie.
It's for you.
Why were you spying on the Yus.
I've always wanted a disciple worthy of Wudan's secrets.
Tell me who is your master.
It's the Giang Hu fighter lifestyle  kill or be killed. Exciting isn't it.
So what if I don't.
It will be just the same. Enough. I'm tired.
You're a sword fighter too.
Really.
Sure. No place to bathe for days sleeping in flea infested beds  They tell you all about that in those books.
I was just passing by and wondered how you were.
He really loves you. Come back to Peking with me. We'll find a solution.
All right. If you can take back the sword in three moves I'll go with you.
Jen.
It's mine. It means a lot to me. A barbarian like you wouldn't understand.
I don't take orders from anyone.
And so the little boy became a fearsome bandit. He couldn't find the stars so he stole my comb.
Jen 
During my meditation training  I came to a place of deep silence  I was surrounded by light  Time and space disappeared. I had come to a place my master had never told me about.
No. I didn't feel the bliss of enlightenment. Instead  I was surrounded by an endless sorrow. I couldn't bear it. I broke off my meditation. I couldn't go on. There was something  pulling me back.
I don't understand. How can you part with it. It has always been with you.
But your men are watching over Yu's compund.
That's not what I meant. I don't care about the sword.
I thought by giving away the sword I could escape the Giang Hu world. But the cycle of bloodshed continues.
We followed Jade Fox.
I'm sorry she's not feeling well enough to receive you today.
A murderer.
Father. Let me avenge my mother's death.
All right. I'll act as the sword's custodian.
Care for a hot dog.
Double homicide. A year ago. Las Halloween.
It's only fourteen or fifteen flesh wounds.
It can't rain all the time.
Mister Funboy.
He has a room upstairs. I don't like him very much.
Does she have a name.
No name. You sure ask a lot of questions.
In a better place. I hope.
She's still dead.
Right.
I don't know you 
You want those assholes you want Top Dollar.
Kill the men who killed you both and the Day of the Dead will be your reunion.
Leave me alone   
Shut up.
18k. Crap.
Yeah I know fatso. Do us all a favor. Make Top Dollar smile.
Move in guys.
That's right.
I'm sure you're going to love it there.
You what.
That's not his style. one thing I can say about Valmont. He always speaks the truth.
Not a whole lot. We take some classes together. He's got a bad rep but it's mostly bullshit.
I must say I found it rather appalling.
Oh really.
It's not really important.
Look I know this is your house and all but do you think you couid keep it down. I'm trying to read.
Why don't you come join me for a swim and we'll discuss it.
About what you said today in the stable. I'm not a happy person.
You implied it.
It's my house.
I wish I could say the same for myself. I was up thinking about you all night.
I can't. I'm seeing a friend.
If that's a problem then I'll make arrangements to stay with some friends.
Somerset Maugham.
I actually feel good about myself.
You're going to tell me that you had a good time with the old lady.
Fine.
I can't handle it. I can't keep my feelings bottled up like you. Can you honestly tell me that you feel nothing for me  Tell me.
It's because I don't trust myself with you. I took a vow and because of you I'm tempted to break it. Don't destroy that for me. Please.
Get off me.
It was perfect.
Hi.
What are you saying.
But you knew this was important to me.
Doesn't ring a bell.
  wrote a letter to this chick and saying shit about me.
Not anymore. Football team started practice last week. He's already called me to hook up.
Outstanding.
Do you want to learn or not.
Eyes closed.
Well do you like him.
Cecile if there's one thing I'm great at it's love letters. With my help he'll be eating out of the palm of your hand. Perhaps we can arrange a little get together for the two of you at my house.
You'd do that for me.
I don't know.
Well  I don't know   it was weird. At first it felt icky then it felt kind of okay. Then I started getting really hot and then I started shaking and then like I don't t know  it felt like an explosion but a good one.
I'm what you would call a fifth year senior.
I look terrible.
My mom. Don't call my mom.
Is it me.
No it doesn't. I see right through you.
Well you don't have to get nasty about it.
Who told you.
Get out of here.
I'm pretty sure she did.
No.
One.
It's Kathryn.
It's Sebastian. He's out of his mind.
I think he's high on drugs. He hit me then took off. I'm afraid to be alone. Please come over.
Don't worry about it. I'll stay.
Outstanding.
Hopefully though she suspects that your decrepit alcoholic father is diddling the maid.
You don't mean.
I see your point  though why should I care.
She's quite cute you know. Young supple breasts a tight firm ass and an uncharted pootie.
And if I win.
It would feel so yummy.
I'm working on it.
Ooo I'm sure Mrs. Caldwell will love that.
Not to mention Court Reynolds. Unfortunately Ronald's moving with the speed of a Special Olympic Bobsledder.
A momentary lapse of judgment soon to be rectified.
Oh yes.
What's wrong with you. Why are you acting this way.
How have you dumped girls in the past.
Screening calls. Any suggestions.
You were very much in love with her and you're still in love with her. But it amused me to make you ashamed of it. You gave up on the first person you ever loved because I called you names. Don't get me wrong I'm flattered that you chose me over her but please understand I never loved you Sebastian. You're just a toy. A little toy I play with. And now you've completely blown it with her. I think that's the saddest thing I've ever heard. Cheers.
I'll do my best.
Like your step brother Sebastian. I can't believe they didn't expel him after what he did to the school nurse.
Excuse me.
Oh don't give me any of that racist crap. My husband and I gave money to Colin Powell.
Did you hit her.
It's been ages since I've even thought of a mummers' play. When I was in college we used to do them every year — St. George and the Dragon all kinds of sword dances.
But it's already come true.
I'm sure I don't Alice. It's something else something moody something sickly She could almost be Irena's child.
It's early yet.
I called not only the Boyds but the Irvings. Neither of them received invitations.
But they must have. Amy and I made them out together. You mailed them didn't you Edward.
I'm not shouting at you but there's no doubt in my mind that you spoil this child.
I suppose so.
That darn kid. I never in my life expected her to get an A in arithmetic. Math's is a practical science  if she understands figures she's well out of her own world of make believe.
Maybe I'll drop in and see your Mommy.
I wanted to talk to you I wanted to tell you about the other children.
But I didn't play with them Daddy. They wouldn't play with me.
She gave me a ring so I'm giving her a ring. I paid twenty five cents for it too.
But Irena is in the garden. She's right there under the tree.
But there's no one here darling.
Irena. But who are you.
Not even Daddy or Mommy.
I'll just never learn arithmetic.
Yes yes. I see Prince
That's right.
light shining) in her eyes) Throw sea weeds into the flames and the fire turns blue.
A merry Christmas to you Amy.
Don't cry Amy.
But Amy. Amy I'm dead.
Mommy's taking me upstairs to change my dress right away.
Most surely that was a nice lady to give a ring to a little girl.
I wouldn't be surprised if it were a true wishing ring.
But I saw what it was. It's the little deer.
Why is it just lying there. Why doesn't it get up.
But it was alive — it was fast and strong.
Who is she.
A Christmas present. It's been so long since I've had a Christmas present.
I can't do it. I can't do it.
Good night Barbara 
When I first heard all that talk about you going down to the school to see the teacher I got really afeard. I thought maybe you night call off this birthday party and me with the cake already in the oven.
I imagine a child would have to commit murder or rob the Seventh National Bank of Tarrytown to be deprived of a birthday party.
And Amy mailed them.
I like to see her happy.
But there was nothing no one in the garden.
Perhaps she's wanted for understanding.
That many women in one place nothing good can come from that.
Maybe that bartender made it up. I mean I think coyotes are rather beautiful. Maybe coyote ugly is really a compliment. Like someone who's conventionally ugly but is really beautiful.
Yeah yeah I know. Smoking kills. I'll quit someday. Doesn't it seem like all the cool people smoke.
Sorry. It's just so bad lately. You're so lucky you never get PMS.
I'd kill for just a little bloated.
What a bitch. You should see a doctor. That can be dangerous. George bit me once and I had to go to the emergency room.
Maybe he likes you ever think of that. It's good for you to go out get your mind off Mark.
Are you kidding. He might as well say Can I date rape you.
They better. Of course trouble is you never know what they'll expect for it. You gotta know what to order and what you're willing to do. Like if a guy spends a fortune on you he's gonna feel like you owe him something.
There you go blaming yourself for everything again.
I don't know much about him. How do you know if a guy is decent.
I still thought it was a purse.
Geez I wish I'd get it like that.
I don't know. You have to take Sammy. He's afraid of me.
Tuesday. Are you okay.
Yeah I guess. Mark.
Why not. There's been a murder.
First of all you're my alibi. I told George I was with you last night.
You're right. It's just I can't cover up a murder so George won't know you're cheating.
You say murder but you have no idea what happened. You don't remember doing it so it's out of your control.
Tell them you'll meet them outside.
You're such a good friend.
I think I already have.
You'll get through this. You were fine for over three weeks.
Oh a D Girl. You know  I have a really great idea for a screenplay.
Starving.
I didn't have to pee then.
Since when do you care.
You do though. You look really  is that a wonderbra.
No.
Yeah right  You better go.
Take your shower.
Intriguing.
My period. No.
You didn't say it.
I loaned him to Jennifer. George moved out and she was lonely 
Peter I love you too but 
No. It doesn't work that way. Men can't get PMS. Unfortunately.
We can work this out. Other couples have worse problems.
I'm so sorry  I  I couldn't help it. You know I didn't mean to  to do any of that.
You use the word fucking. You're sexualizing things. Stop berating yourself. It's okay to have sex.
No take it.
Yeah and when we're mad at each other we're out of sync. It only works if you're on good terms.
Hey you hear about the chick that came in today. Said some chick bit her at Victoria's Secret. Bitches are outta control these days.
Hell no I'm not into that shit. The sight of blood makes me sick.
Yeah okay. I still say Frida's involved. She's the last one to see two dudes alive 
She wasn't the last one to see them alive. Whoever killed them was.
Okay Lloyd. First no way does Frida have the physical strength to tear a guy to shreds. Second why would she be so obvious and let it be known she was the last one to see these guys. Third she's the one in danger. She's a woman in jeopardy and you're layin' a murder rap on her. Fourth I look in her eyes and know she's no killer.
Really. And how is his state of mind.
You wonít regret this sir.
Won't say. Says he must talk to you.
Who.
I'm on the serial killer case need to talk.
No. Have a look.
Where does it lead.
No. I mean  that isnít necessary.
How do you know I'm innocent.
That's easy. You 
Right.
Is this dangerous or anything.
You're kidding.
It's in the little leaguer who may strike out but knows in his heart that at least swung  Hands to the side 
`Thanks for doing this Ellen.'
You mean the press conference. I have a couple of ideas I wanted to share with the country.
Nightmare 
Look  at some point we're going to have to call the Vice President 
Don't call the Vice President.
This is mine Al all mine.. I made him. I built him. And no cocksucker is gonna come in here and take it away from me just because he to be Vice President of the United States.
Exactly. A condition.
Her . Oh the First Lady  She was giving that commencement speech up in Bryn Mawr. I managed to catch her before she left the hotel.
You think we can keep this thing going for a couple of months.
I don't want him caring about his wife. What about the Vice President.
You're kidding.
I can kill a HUNDRED ordinary people.
Yeah. That's how you end up with a 400 billion dollar deficit.
I'm not sure  I might have.
At a press conference.
Dave 
What.
Oh I know I know  It looks awfully bad. It's really embarrassing. But it was Bob's idea.
Well I'm sure that's really important but I don't want to tell some eight  year old kid he has to sleep in the street because we want people to feel better about their cars. Do you want to tell him that.
Yeah.
I had a feeling.
What's that.
Oh  right  You know ever since the stroke 
I saw the light. I thought maybe you were up.
Oh  Yeah.
Anybody would have done it.
I'm not the First Lady anymore. I shouldn't be here.
I don't know. I hadn't thought it out that far.
You mean when I'm not running the country.
I run a temp agency.
I can't.
Yeah but we got a little bit done. And if you do a little and I do a little  then maybe the next guy'll do a little 
NO NOOOOOOO SHOOT ME. SHOOT ME. SHOOOOOOOOOT MEEEEEEEEE 
To look look for a place a place to live in an empty place a  new place 
No. I didn't stop the infection in time. I know. Don't worry. When he dies I won't be like Maria. I'll shoot him.
Hmmmmmm. Oh yes. Go on.
That's right. 'Bout eight if that suits. We'll start out in my gymnasium an' progress on from there to various other forms o' physical therapy.
That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing nuclear power all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's .Gasparilla's  private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee and his private army of course.
Oh what did I run into. A bunch o' Jesus nuts. Religiosos. Prayer won't stop a bullet from one of those storm troopers and prayer won't keep one of those monsters from eatin' your liver for lunch.
That's why we didn't use prayers on this here white coat 'til after he was destroyed. We ready to fight when we have to. And we gotta fight now.
You think you can find your boat. There's a thousand little inlets and backwaters all through here. You remember all the ways you turned to get where you are now. You leave yourself a trail.
We always planned to use it. We got some ground up already but we could never find enough.
The hospital.
PULL IN. GET THE OTHERS.
Shhhhh .Tony. Rest rest.
God has damned us all. Are my atrocities worse than yours.
No Miss Science. You're the one who needs to do some thinking.
Cameron what is the matter with you. You act like they're your mother or something. You afraid of them.
No I've been calm all my life. If I don't do something it's gonna kill me.
At Chet Danburry's house.
Except sex.
You're siding with Mr. Nolan.. What about carpe diem and sucking all the marrow out of life and all that.
Yes sir.
And are we just playing around out here or do we mean what we say. If all we do is come and read a bunch of poems to each other what the hell are we doing.
Good. We're very excited about him. He was a Rhodes Scholar you know.
All right. I'll second that.
Maybe he'll have some advice. Maybe he'll even talk to your father.
You going out for the Henley Hall play. They're doing A Midsummer Night's Dream.
No.
Ginny Danburry's here. Look for her.
Oh but it's fine for you to come barging into my school and make a complete fool out of me.
Yes sir.
I didn't know you taught.
A barbaric yawp.
A madman. Perhaps he was. What kind of madman. Don't think. Answer.
A crazy madman.
A  A sweaty toothed madman.
Now there's the poet speaking. Close your eyes and think of the picture. Describe what you see. NOW.
Why do you do it. I mean with all this seize the day business I'd have thought you'd be out seeing the world or something.
You have another choice.
I'm calling her.
God I want to do everything. I'm going to explode.
Good boy. Call us if you need anything.
Yes sir.
Todd Anderson.
Well you've won the booby prize. Don't expect to like it here.
I'll take him over mine.
What.
What I want to do. Right now. What is really inside of me.
They're putting it on at Henley Hall. See open try outs.
That's a laugh. If I don't ask at least I won't be disobeying him.
Being in the club means being stirred up by things. You look about as stirred up as a cesspool.
Listen Neil I appreciate your interest in me but I'm not like you. When you say things people pay attention. People follow you. I'm not like that.
No. What do you mean 'no'.
Sssh. That's what I'm taking care of. They need a letter of permission.
They gave me the exact same thing as last year.
Someone maybe they sent an SOS.
That's where my boat's moored.
I saved your life is what I did.
I don't know 
 there's got to be a way to access out back there 
Anti social.
A meat locker.
We can't just leave them here.
Jet ski there's one left up there.
Right 
No 
Just the man I wanted to see. On this puppy here you remember if it's red to blue or blue to red 
Red cross over to blue double blue..is that what it is. A squid.
Line it up now nice and easy 
You want some too.
What happened to Vivo.. What the hell happened to Vivo.
Fucking women man 
Damn right.
You just put mustard on your Hershey bar.
Hey Geraldine let's eat.
Jesus it's freezing.
Yeah.
I'm tellin' you she does it Vince. With twenty guys you know.
I love this car. Some cars sit you know. This car a car like this  grows. I mean you never know with a car like this where this car has been.
You mean .
Yeah.
No I   
Yeah.
How was huntin'.
Nick we don't know where Sal is  Nick Angela won't tell us.
Talked to Sal. Sal's alive.
Listen Biederman I'm going to club you into the floor unless you tell me what the fuck is so important.
That I must not tell you. Top secret. You see there. Topmost secret.
I don't know. I don't know either.
No.
Fine. I'm fine. How are you.
Is that what it is. I couldn't figure out.
Oh it's great. Fine.
I'll kill 'em. Anybody bothers you I'll kill 'em.
Nick. It's okay  It's okay. I have to go now.
Oh. Nothing  Sitting.
What.
C'mon. I've got the car.
Ah yes. Of course  So few survive. La creme de la creme  How did you obtain release.
Right.
That way it sets.
You're a fucking nut. You know that Merle. You're a fucking maniac.
Oh.
It's ahead Vince.
What are you God.
What else.
What do you mean.
We gotta play with more bullets Nick. It's the only way.
More bullets in the gun.
With more bullets . Against each other . Are you crazy  Are you fucking nuts 
No way. No fucking way.
Nick . I thought you went home.
Yeah.
Phantom Mary.
Yeah.
The fuck I did 
Up ribbon.
Down ribbon.
I can smell it.
This monster escaped from Cryo  Prison this morning.
Wade did a little reminiscing.
I want to see my wife and kid.
I'm not voting for you.
Where.
You're crazy.
It's a real mess down here. Some  thing must a'gone wrong. No man could possess that kind of strength after being frozen for twenty years.
How do I look.
Ah Mom you're embarrass'n me.
Got it. Ejection seat.
Well I'm sure. You're a cop. I'm a cop. Let's do what cops do.
Drop it.
Yeah. Least I think so. Twenty  six years this March.
That cost me two weeks' pay.
I'm here.
This should make your day. The guy who testified against you  Dubbs  was arrested a total number of twenty  four times.
No you don't.
This is the guy that killed my partner.
They always are.
It's stuck but thanks for the offer.
I don't care if you've got the Good Housekeeping seal of approval  I'm not looking for company.
Oh Didn't mean to talk like that in front of a lady. Get some wine for the Squire Belle.
I've brought you something to keep you warm Mrs. Stone   
No thank you what's your name.
And serve him right.
Yes I wanted to get here before the others . I want to talk to you alone.
I do and I think you should too.
You can't say that to me. I'm New Hampshire. If I say I called you I did. I guess I did.
You've had a lot of bad luck these days. And yet it's all so unnecessary. When I think of your opportunities   
Yes why shouldn't it.
I don't care.
You promised me prosperity happiness love money friendship   
He was   
Not now. Not now. Let me make up let me make up.
Anything anything. You can have it all back that money the new house my farm the whole caboodle.
Come come Mr. Stone you are a little upset. It's not fair to bargain with you now. I'll give you until midnight Mr. Stone but not one minute more. Ah then you'll come with me indeed.
Yes I did but you tricked me into signing it. You told me my soul was nothing.. that I could forget all about a soul in exchange for money. That was a lie a lie a lie.
But Mr. Stone I am hardly to blame for the pricking of your wholly unnecessary conscience. Is this your signature.
Gentlemen the prosecution rests.
Thank you Mr. Webster.
It's your fault. You brought Daniel Webster here just to try to make a fool of me. You played the sneak behind my back made up all sorts of lies against me. You can get yourself out of my home go back to the other house that old place where you belong I don't want to to talk to you again.
Morning Jabez.
Headache Squire.
You think that's a joke. I had him on there too but I was afraid Dan'l Webster might feel insulted.
Now Squire you're not going to let me down. We still want to do a lot of business together don't we.
You always said the field uphill needs a rest but if you think   
I will Mary always thought a man could be stronger alone seems I've been wrong about that.
You're right Mary it's a fine calf. That's why Stevens'll take it for the rest of the payment.
Looks right elegant Mary.
There is nothing to worry about now.
That's one thing I want to talk to you about Mary.
Jabez.
Sorry Ma but this consar   this little pig He won't let me fix him   
Now Jabez Stone as for what you're calling hard luck well we made New England out of it. That and codfish.
I feel fidgety Ma not right at all.
A man can always change things Son. That's what makes him different from barnyard critters.
Make out. We'll do better than that. I never thought I'd be glad for bad luck but I am. I never thought I'd be glad of a hail storm at harvest time but I am. Oh bless ye the works of the Lord in the hail and the storm and the rain.
Coming Ma.
Well she hardly ever comes here she's not the type of woman who cares to live in the country. Yes I'm all on my own sometimes it makes you feel a little lonely Do you mind if I indulge.
No you wouldn't You're not the sort of woman that's afraid of smoke or fire But now let's talk about your affairs.
Goodness Mr. Webster I've done nothing but talk about that all through dinner.
You see I don't care if we are rich or poor I don't care if we're big or small all I care about is Jabez. He was the first man I loved. He never used to care about money we were poor as Job's turkey but none of us minded. Now I've seen him drive the poor from the door and we used to be poor ourselves. I've seen him get hard and mean and he isn't hard or mean. I've heard him mock at the church bells the bells that rang for our wedding. That's not like him Mr. Webster It must be my fault somehow my fault.
Very well. You shall have your trial Mr. Webster. The case is hardly one for an ordinary jury   
The quick or the dead. You have said it. May the best man win Mr. Webster.
But meant her moving here.
Closer to Japan. You're fast.
We must shut down the building. Go wider  
Don't you think I know that. Put Hans on. Hans listen to me that shithead doesn't know what kind of scum you are but I do   
This is what this is about. Out building project in Indonesia. Contrary to what you people think we're going to develop that region  not 'exploit' it.
It's useless to you. There's seven safeguards on our vault and the code key is only one of them. You'll never get it open.
Actually I was always partial to Roy Rogers. I really dug those sequined shirts.
William Clay. Call me Bill.
That was tricky with the accent. I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan. Why do you need the detonators Hans. I already used the explosives.
Yeah. Like you did with Takagi.
'Yippe ki yea mother fucker'. Now you are fucked.
If out plan works the FBI will get rid of it for us.
When you're hot you're hot.
You did. You murdered by Boss. Now  They're looking to me. Personally I'd pass on the jab. I don't enjoy being this close to you.
Gennero. Miss Gennero.
Ramona no Pomona that's it.
This is a Japanese company you know. They figure a married woman she's on the way out the door 
Didn't we have this same conversation in July. Damn it John there was an opportunity out here I had to take it   
Ask the FBI. They've got the terrorist playbook and they're running it step by step.
I got it. But you can tell her yourself. Just watch your ass and you'll make it.
Going in are you out of your mind. There's 30 hostages in there for all we know   
   all we know. We don't know shit Powell. If there's hostages why hasn't anyone asked for ransom. If there's terrorists where's their goddamn list of demands. All we know is that someone shot up your car and it could be the same flake you've been talking to on the radio.
What about the body that fell out of the window   
Christ can't you read between the lines. He did everything he could to save him if he gave himself up they'd both be dead.
Anytime you want to go home Sergeant consider yourself dismissed.
Fuck you sir   if I'm right I don't need you. What I want is   if I make an honest mistake I want help.
Okay.
You men shoot aim for the white meat.
Heidi I'm dying.
Take the subway. We need the car. Hey gimme the keys   the keys.
What. What are you talking about. You are dying. Did you ever listen to yourself when you say that.
I like that  yeah.
Where are they now. Just tell me  are they on the phone now.
That's great. Just terrific. You talk to me with them on the phone right. That is really smart. And you don't tell me.
All right enough. Who the fuck is on the phone  anyway. Is that you Moretti. You on the phone. Will somebody talk to me.
Yeah  huh thank you. I'm going to go back Sonny to the hospital. They're really nice people. They're really trying to help me.
That's good then. You've found something.
He won't listen to anybody. He's been very crazy all summer. Since June he's been trying to kill me.
What are you doin' in there.
How many you got in there.
One word. You won't find it in the phone book.
I'd like just some sign I can trust you too Sonny. I don't want to trust my body out where you could just shoot me. Some sight.. right.
How about letting the people out of the bank. Why put them in this position.
Calm down you're not..
It's okay you got a lot of protection.
You know you're telling me that a helicopter can't land here..
What else.
He hasn't so far. I'm the one who can make a mistake. That's what scares the shit out of me.
Do what the gentleman says Howard.
If you take anybody please take me.
You know.. I like you people.. I really do.
We like you too.
Everything's all right. You okay.
Howard.
When was the last time you saw Sal.
You gonna smoke the cigarette.
Fuck him   let him out.
Let's go Sonny.
We won't have to.
I'll tell you right now   that I'm ready to do it.
All right.. let's go.
All right.
Bullshit.
I want them all.
Nothin' personal huh. The man that kills me I want him to do it because he hates my guts. Not because it's a job. Okay let's go.. but you gotta walk in backwards.
What I said. You just sit quiet and we'll handle Sal.
Gimme the black guy 
We'll have hamburgers on the plane. You ready.
I talked to the FBI I told them about you they said if you just come outta the bank it's gonna be okay.
She doesn't have anything to do with it. You understand that. Mother. This is me.
Oh. Run.
Maybe 
Newsman not..
<i>$300000.</i>
<i>Are you all right.</i>
<i>I forgot.</i>
Will you speak the fucking English language. The poor girl has no clue what you're talking about. The boy speaks English you know. Reads writes I swear it. He does this when he's around girls. Thinks it's cute.
<i>I'm gonna kill you Ed.</i>
Fuckin' A. We got a five hour drive back to LA ahead of us. <b> EXT. MACDONALD'S PARKING LOT MOMENTS LATER </b> Choco is now stripped down to his boxer shorts in the back PARKING LOT of the MacDonald's. Alf is hosing him down. Domino stares at Choco  admiring his body.
What 
You white folks don't understand the natural beauty of a woman's figure. Those are birthing hips. More cushion for the pushin'.
<i>The combination code is tattooed on his right arm. You'll never get inside Edna Fender's safe without the code breaker on that arm.</i> <b> INT. CAST WINNEBAGO NEXT </b> Domino rides shotgun with her CELL PHONE to her ear.
What was your business with Lateesha that day.
<i>Her car was in the shop.</i>
Chi Chi. CHI CHI.
I said stop it.
<i>Whatever.</i> He's a criminal. And this Ed Martin character is a complete loser.
I was a musician.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
They're gonna edit it together out of sequence so it's more exciting. <b> EXT. BEVERLY HILLS LATER ON
Twice a night sometimes.
Nobody.
<i>House is a wreck/ Gotta collect my check/ Gotta perfume my neck/ But keep yo hands off the weave cuz this black bitch don't suck the dick.</i>
Yes.
It's about turning that shit off and getting the fuck outta my pizzeria.
Ask Sal.
Too long. Too long. Now for the life of me I haven't been able to figger this out. Either dem Koreans are geniuses or we Blacks are dumb.
You're welcome.
I've done that before.
Later. Gotta get paid.
Sal's gonna be mad.
What responsibilities.
I didn't stutter. Take care of your responsibilities. Y'know exactly what I'm talking about.
I'm getting paid 
Pretty soon I'll be making a move.
Sorry comb got caught.
Look at those Korean motherfuckers across the street. I betcha they haven't been a year off da motherfucking boat before they opened up their own place.
Here you gotta delivery.
I didn't say nuthin'. You must have a guilty conscience. What are you guilty of.
Sal I want my money.
Motherfuck a window Radio Raheem is dead.
You don't know shit about shit.
My salary. Two fifty.
Bring some ice cream I'm burning up. Do you love me.
Do I love you.
I can't be staying long anyway.
What else.
Of course I'm sweating. I'm burning up. It's hot moron only a hundred degrees in here.
Lie down please.
Later for you.
What.
I don't know.
I don't like to fight.
We're outta here.
I'll be back after I make this delivery.
Jesus Christ on the cross I said I'm listening.
Mookie's OK.
You listening to me.
How do you know this.
That's gonna be the last time you hit Vito.
Mister Radio Raheem I can't even hear myself think. You are disturbing me and you are disturbing my customers.
Couldn't we sell this and open up a new one in our own neighborhood.
I'm sick of niggers it's a bad neighborhood. I don't like being around them they're animals.
Actually we have something for you.
Then I'm in. Just like Jerk Off.
Sleeeeew sheek baw 
MS. HELLER said not to talk to you.
Well la de da.
Famous. I've never heard of it.
I don't follow.
Here's your lunch. And an apple and banana for extra energy.
I haven't seen you around here before.
You're it.
Yeah he's aces. Thanks Turk.
What.
Will not.
Shut up.
Welcome to public school my friend.
Duh. The cool kids sit in the back of the bus. Here every row is in the back. We're all cool.
You and me. Dream on desperado.
Alright if you really want to go down this road well girl's like chocolate.
I'm sure you're overreacting.
HARRY this is my fantasy. I suggest you leave   before I imagine something horrible.
No. Look.
Three words. I did. But you were all mad at me and wouldn't listen.
But my mom gave me the map.
I made the polar bear pants.
What.
Being a jerk doesn't make you special.
Principal of jail. Wow. What a promotion.
Wait a minute. I can spend the whole year in a class taught by the lunch lady. Can I bring my girlfriend.
You can bring whatever you want little friend.
I reckon so.
Or maybe crossing a river.
Good. Good. Good. Well that's good.
How baby cakes. You've done it all.
Maybe someday. Aloha cold weather aloha hot weather.
It's a surprise.
Well I've got a little surprise for you.
This is my son Paul.
So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides 
Yes.
Good  the slow blade penetrates the shield  but look down.
The Emperor's blade.
As the legend says.
The spice. It's in everything here. The air the soil the food  It's like the Truthsayer drug .. It's a poison . You knew the spice would change me. But thanks to your teachings it's changed my consciousness. I can see it  I can see it.
Your suit is fitted desert fashion. Who told you how to do that.
Always.
What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon.
Are you suggesting a Duke's son is an animal.
It burns.
Perhaps you are the Kwisatz Haderach.
They tried and died.
Eh that was a terrible production. Renfield was a drunk.
Don't you bave a car.
I have no next picture.
The <u>women</u>.
Don't worry. I do it every Halloween.
Yeah it's gonna be a great picture. You'll love your character. Bunny Bela's here. Look hit the bars work some parties and get me transvestites. <u>I need transvestites</u>.
Huh.. Oh yeah of course.
Hmm  my biggest hit. That would probably be Dracula.
Let me take you to the hospital.
That's fine Eddie. All in the line of duty.
I wrote something special for you. I got to thinking about all the sacrifices you've made  and so I wrote you a new final speech.
Don't worry. Everything's gonna be all right.
Isn't it wonderful. After all these years the press is showing an interest again in Bela Lugosi.
Don't you want a second take for protection.
Edward Wood Sir.
I told you the octopus is made of rubber. This is a piece o' cake.
We'll do our best.
No. They say his eligibility ran out years ago.
Boris Karloff..
Hon' nobody's bothered but you. Look around they couldn't care less.
Say it a little louder. I don't think Bela heard you in his trailer.
Toss us out on our ass.
Tell him Bride is in pre  production.
Like <u>what</u>..
That's a good reason to dump your girlfriend.
So WHAT.. Look we gotta figure out where we're gonna stay.
Dolores I got five days to shoot this movie. Quit kidding around.
Yes. Hollywood is oh so exciting.
I just made this picture over at Screen Classics. It opens next week.
Doctor Acula. I don't get it.
From outer space. It's science  fiction. <u>Very</u> big with the kids. If you make this picture you'll have enough money to finance a HUNDRED religious films. <u>And</u> pay my back rent from the profits.
Okey dokey.
Uh I don't have much of an appetite lately.
Yeah. I know what it's like to live with a secret and worry about what people are gonna think of you  My girlfriend still doesn't know why her sweaters are always stretched out.
So change the poster. Trust me you'll be better off. This is a story that's gonna <u>grab</u> people. It's about this guy. He's crazy about this girl but he likes to wear dresses. Should he tell her. Should he not tell her. He's torn. George this is DRAMA.
Don't worry. We're not gonna film any of it.
And you did a bang up job too. But you don't want other producers to know that's you in drag. Trust me. It's a career killer.
I got married last night.
You look beat.
He's better. Thank you for asking. How's your friend.
Nah 'cause I had my comic books. And I read pulp magazines. And I listened to the radio dramas 
Look buddy I'm a big star. I've got real offers from real studios. I don't need to blow some dentist for a part. So forget it.
The <u>Ghoul's Wife</u>.. God I can't believe I'm doing this 
Nah it'll work. Where's Bela.
Honey I have a little secret to share with you.
You mean like a date. I thought you were a fag.
What if  you're vomiting.
At what point.
At the point I don't Look you'd be on TV maybe one or two times each. I'11 try to avoid I'11 go out of my way to avoid getting together with you. Believe me.
No. Only celebrities now. Now if you put a mailman on the cover of a magazine he'd better have killed someone or no one will buy it. This one to Dr. Rumpley.
What.
If Ray would steal this girl from Ed. That would be great.
Good idea. Could you all leave us alone for a few minutes.
Sure.
Great line.
Yeah. Well I'm not starting now.
What about him did he suffer any or was it quick. I'd hate to think he 
Very quick. Between you and me it's not a bad way to go. Making love to your wife  it's very sweet.
Look at this people are getting married they're getting married 
We're falling behind.
No. Don't Oh wow.
Send him. Ma I can't. it's just come out here. Please I   
Hey he cheated on her.
He made a mistake.
I don't care what he says. Look I don't need to relive this. On television.
Could've been a nurse.
The difference is for twenty years I thought one thing and now it's another thing.
And what did he come back now for.
Hank. All of a sudden. Because now you're famous and he can get something from you. I don't wan you to become a victim like Marcia. Not that you're a victim honey. You're not. Life's just been a little hard on you sweetie.
St. Joseph's.
To you. In front of him. With the 
Yes. He assumed Hank was your husband. He didn't know.
One thing led to another. He was my husband once.
Ma 
No.
She left.
It means they hate his freaking guts. It means if he were on fire they wouldn't put him out.
Oh Christ. Did you go to bat for me.
Cream rinse.
No no I as soon as you came in tonight I said to John Boy Shari looks beautiful. I said it on TV so you can ask anybody who saw it.
Ha.
Look not having been there  I just think you're hurt and you're saying this to you know get back at him.
  yeah then but 
Exactly. Boy you're smart. Why are you so mean to her. What did she do to you. Is she good enough for Ed. Who the hell am I. Who the hell do you think I should be dating.
So.
So my little brother's staying here. I'm sleeping with Rita.
Everybody's someone.
What did you do to your hair.
Show business.
What's the dif   
Quick pull off the highway is not a relationship. Oh man I gotta pee.
Oh. All right. I'11 watch at home then.
It's the receptionist at one of the places I service video equipment she's very pretty and you know she never even talks to me and then today I come in and she's all I saw you on TV the other night  You were so great..  Next thing I know we're..
You brought the girl.
Save it.
Oh is Shari here. Why didn't you just say so. Why are you giving me a song and dance about being tired.
No. Two times.
So you saw me on TV and you said Hey let me jump on this.
I need help. How many times if just one little thing that I needed would've happened it would've changed everything. If I had a few dollars when an opportunity came along or  the tumblers just never clicked for me.
Hi.
Thanks  That's..
No.
What does that have to do with 
If they keep Ed on for one full month he gets a balloon payment.
By the X.
By the X. That's were two lines cross forming an X.
Fine. You know. We just went to Crossroads.
What.
I'm not supposed to tell. Not until you've counted too. We're each supposed to make an independent count.
Right
So like I was saying things were going pretty well in my life.
If it's about the posters I think it's so awful. It's a travesty.
Were you or were you not working in the Watchdog office over the weekend.
I agree. But I also think certain young and naive people need to thank their lucky stars and be very very grateful the whole school didn't find out about certain indiscretions which could have ruined their reputations and chances to win certain elections.
Hello Tracy.
Good for you. Good for you
And this model comes with ABS and dual air bags standard.
Yes.
Even tried you at home. We've got a situation here.
I'm the one. I did it. I tore down Paul's posters.
Looks at her skeptically doesn't say a word.
Which door.
I have proof.
Okay. Give me the drill.
Oh come on. You've had a hard year you're cooped up with the kid all the time. Let go; live a little.
All his life. He's tried everything.
Right now.
Sherry  I love you.
Let me give you a clue. You're a born leader. You're one of the most popular students at Millard. You're honest and straightforward. You don't choke under pressure as we all saw in that amazing fourth quarter against Westside. The other kids look up to you. What does that spell.
takes a piece of chalk from the lip of the blackboard.
Don't worry about Tracy. She'll be fine.
I told you.. I can't. I just It doesn't feel right anymore you know.
For what.
Thought what.
You know I don't understand why everybody bad mouthed Tracy all the time. She was always super  nice to me.
You wanna get me a fuckin' snitch jacket.
You fuck for money.
You look better than Veronica Lake. Now <u>Pierce Patchett</u>.
He takes a cut of our earnings and invests it for us. He makes us quit the life at thirty. He doesn't let us use narcotics and he doesn't abuse us. Can your policeman's mentality grasp those contradictions.
It would've happened years ago if you hadn't carried him. Why the loyalty Wendell.
I knew you had juice but  There's no goddamn bill on me.
Ma'am I'm sure she was.
Look at a picture for me.
Yeah. A great big one.
The Nite Owl. Stensland was going there to sell the heroin.
Somebody got wind of it killed them all.
It all keeps coming back to Dudley.
Patchett's dead. He sent you after me. I'd say Dudley's tying up his loose ends.
I was here hosting a party. Who was killed and why do you think I can help.
Of course 
Do you care about criminal matters peripheral to Susan's murder.
What little studio.
I ain't your <u>paesano</u> you wop cocksucker.
He's under a tract house in San Berdoo. And he don't smell too good. What happened to the heroin Johnny.
I got a few Nite Owl questions.
Oh. you feel that way about people too.
I got nothin' more to say till I see a judge.
No.
White's a mindless thug.
<u>Really</u>. Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis.
What's this all about lad.
Yesterday that might've meant something. Pull me off. You'd be doing me a big favor.
Yesterday yes today no. What happened last night.
It's a simple question.
The Nite Owl was solved Lieutenant.
Decorated.
Anything else you want to add before I talk to her.
I know who you are. You're the policeman Bud told me about.
No. This is the means to the reality. But I'm not going to tell you what it is.
You lost me Sid. Who.
I need an extra fifty. Two patrolmen at twenty apiece and a dime for the watch commander at Hollywood Station.
Jackie are you back on Narco. I need copy.
You tight with the D.A. trash.
How'd you like a little payback. Not to mention a donation to the widows and orphans fund. Did you know Loew was a swish.
What's wrong Trash.
Maybe you should have thought of that before you made Bloody Christmas page one.
So how much money do you want in exchange for not ruining my life.
Listen  
Goddammit shut the fuck up and turn on CNN.
One of many people who would live a word with you.
You've heard of the National Security Agency.
Yes.
You're crazy.
You drive a black BMW license plate SRK1339.
What if  
The price rises with the temperature and right now you're smokin'. But you're right you should shop around and get the best price. I'll just let you out here.
What'd I tell you.
I didn't use my name.
Oh I'll bet <u>that</u> threw 'em off the scent. I sure hope you covered the mouthpiece with a handkerchief and used a funny voice.
Well there'd be too much disclosure to prosecute me. So they ruined my records and made sure I'd never hold a real job again.
The NSA killed him.
Tell me about it.
They've done it before. Takes maybe two minutes.
A receiver tuned permanently to the Senator's phone.
What do you mean. Who can buy this kind of equipment.
Law enforcement.
Neil thank you for your help.
Hello. Hello Maria.
I'm married.
Pardon.
Thanks.
Listen Daniel hang on one second.
For that matter I think you will too.
Because my life is being ruined.
Thanks. Who are you.
Hey did you guys find my stuff.
I can't.
Than why don't you talk to the bus driver.
I told you I didn't want you seeing her.
My father's put me in touch with an attorney. He'll be  
Stacy Stacy maybe now isn't the best time for the I Told You So speech.
The lingerie.
Oh Christ.
Yeah. I wish you could've met 
You're right Mr. DePinto and maybe I jumped the gun.
That's probably not you in the picture. I tell you what I'll just run the thing by the Grand Jury see if they can't  
Good news there Mr. DePinto you're talking to one.
Brill.
So you've said.
He doesn't work that way.
Mr. DePinto. My name's Robert Dean. I'm an attorney with Seth Silverberg.
Will you hang on just a second.
Bullshit.
How.
Goddammit Rachel you assured me  
We'd like to ask you some questions about Daniel Zavitz.
Shut the fuck up.
Who would do that.
Bobby  
Where've you been.
I'm not goin' anywhere Eric. I live here.
Did they take your clothes.
That's what I want to talk to you about.
Your Bellmoth case. The FBI thinks there might be mob ties.
Just be cool.
Turn yourself in.
Are you still in Crystal City.
No. He said they were doing a credit check. Are you refinancing a loan.
What the hell does it mean.
There was a transfer.
Several indiscriminates and one primary who we've ID'd as Robert Dean. A Crystal City attorney. Mr. Reynolds. Sir.
Hiding something.
And they have the video. That's confirmed.
For Daniel Zavitz. I just need a signature.
This guy's carrying the <u>flag</u> for the damn terrorism bill. You think this is the best time to piss him off.
Do I look like I want a tiny pizza.
No.
Which stall.
You felt obliged to.
Her or me.
I do not.
There's really no need. This is just a scrapbook. I should feel obliged. Thank you.
No.
Yes is a comfort. Absolutely is not.
All true. Herodotus your friend tells of a wind   the Simoon   so evil that a nation declared war on it and marched out to fight it in full battle dress their swords raised.
Of course. Is it am I a terrible coward to ask how much water we have.
No but I think I do.
No no it's Hungarian. My daijka sang it to me.
You bastard I was believing you.
A surprise he said.
Yes. Absolutely.
I haven't no. Sorry.
No I'm not thinking clearly   I need a doctor too to come with me can I take this vehicle. I'll pay of course   and some morphine and… Seventy miles   I can be back here by dusk.
Which we couldn't explore because of rocks because of cross winds it's sloppy. And here   and here   we could be staring at Zerzura.
Those maps belong to His Majesty's Government. They're confidential. They shouldn't be left lying around for any Tom Dick or Mary to have sight of.
Don't be so bloody naïve. You know there's a war breaking out. This arrived this morning. By order of the British Government   all International Expeditions to be aborted by May 1939.
Right.
Please   I beg you I beg you I beg you please listen to me this is a terrible mistake. Just stop please and listen to me. My wife is dying.
Don't cut me. Come on.
I'm not in love with him. I'm in love with ghosts. And so is he. He's in love with ghosts.
No one should own music. The real question is who wrote the song.
Finally. So you're our Canadian pickpocket.
I understand you were in Africa. Whereabouts.
I told her you would never invent such a preposterous name.
I don't even know if it is my book. The Bedouin found it in the plane in the wreckage. It's mine now. I heard your breathing and thought it might be rain. I'm dying for rain   of course I'm dying anyway   but I long to feel rain on my face.
What. Hana comes in sleepily frowns at the gramophone.
What did you say.
Oh.
Sweltering. Come on I'll take you home.
To arm twisting.
Candaules…you're laughing at me.
Could I have a cigarette.
Why are you so determined to keep me alive.
The Germans were here. The Germans were all over this area. They left mines everywhere. Pianos were their favorite hiding places.
I've met you before.
So I follow the wires.
Actually you can't cut can you. You'll fall over. Give me the pliers.
You loved him.
I mean home. India.
He's from there   edge of Lake Ontario right Soldier.
Very kind of you we can always eat in the town with the others  
I'll tell him. What is it. Is it a mine.
Sorry. I took a Benzedrine.
A bit of one.
I had a hotel room.
No please. I shall be absolutely fine. They pass Almásy who doesn't look up from his book.
What's he saying.
Or my wife's.
Through a window.
Bingo.
Exactly.
You got a better idea.
Why didn't I think of that.
Too late now.
I don't want to waste your time.
Something of great value something of such artistic and historic significance that only you could truly appreciate 
You're joking. You can't trust anyone these days.
Like I would have art in my suitcase.
So what.
It's only on exhibit at the Queen's Museum this month. Even if you could get into the museum the Mask bas its own security system. A special randomly programmed interval code.
Not a word.
I'm paying one point five million and change. I hate round numbers.
Give him the card.
Look on the back. What do you see.
Where's my bag.
Hmmm. I'd be surprised if you could.
I guess I have a more optimistic view of human nature than you do.
<u>I'm</u> dressed.
In a week.
A partner with secrets isn't much of a partner.
Our equipment has arrived.
Charged. Receiver.
So you had to be your own lifeline.
Popup on floorboards. And  
Ready.
Duh.
Okay look I'm delivering this to a man who's going to give us the key to our job. But it's pointless to try to explain it yet. You just have to trust me. I don't have any more secrets.
Right. The eight billion.
Then the vault how to get in the vault that's stumping me.
That's where the Mask comes in.
Like a woman of mystery.
Can't be too careful.
A flaw in your research my dear. I grew up chewing shoe leather for breakfast.
What. Another job. Stealing the Eiffel Tower.
I'm not leaving without you.
That would be Thibadeaux. The cop I work for every now and then. Catching thieves. The really good ones  the ones who imitate me.
You mean the seven billion.
Don't go getting sentimental. You're no damn good at it.
You're not the one trying to get all this shit. You think they've just got a Crooks R Us on every corner.
We're going to need a vacuum with a battery pack for the dust. The air filters might be wired. And a bypass hose for the AC.
Sure wouldn't want you to be uncomfortable.
It's a death mask. Death mask means dead.
I'm terribly sorry old man.
Check out my ball.
It's not just art it's history. Something you Americans don't care about  because you haven't got any.
You don't really think I'd leave ten million dollars worth of our chips in her bag. What matters isn't what's real. It's what we <u>think</u> is real  what matters is the art.
The face decays the mask doesn't. Art lasts we don't. That's why art's so valuable. It's a little piece of immortality.
You got a real problem with priorities you know that.
We wear so many goddam masks after a while they get stuck to our faces you know. And they don't come off. But when you find the one person who really knows you and then you lose her 
Erin Brockovich. Car accident. Not her fault she says. And she looks like such an honest girl don't you think.
Who.
There's more than one.
An ER doctor who spends his days saving lives was the one out of control   
It's an inflammation of the spinal cord and part of the brain.
She must be a tough cookie cause it's a pretty advanced case. I'd say she's been walking around with it for a few weeks now.
How does someone get meningitis.
Cause first you gotta move then there's decorating and if the windows aren't the same size you know you're making all new curtains. Honest to God I don't know if I have the energy. You know I've been sick. Me and Peter both have.
Yeah I'm real glad you brought that up. I was going through your file here and I ran into these medical records. They kinda surprised me   
Well hell maybe that's why you all have been so sick   
It was right up on the PG&E property over there.
And you say this stuff this hexavalent chromium it's poisonous.
Well then it's gotta be a different than what's in our water cause ours is okay. The guys from PG&E told me. They sat right in the kitchen and said it was fine.
Both.
It's enough for whatever you need for whatever your girls need for whatever your girls' girls need it'll be enough.
Oh please it was long over by then. God damn he made me look like some cheap   
I don't need pity. I need a paycheck. And I've looked but when you've spent the last six years raising babies it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn. So I figure since you're the one who said I was gonna be okay you should be the one to hire me.
I don't wanna take your money Mr. Masry.
Where's Anna.
Bullshit. You're trying to feel less guilty about firing someone with three kids to feed. Fuck if I'll help you do that.
We've got the PG&E fuckers in Hinkley by the balls. But nobody's getting rich unless we can pin this on the corporate PG&E fuckers in San Francisco.
Well good Ed. I like working with you too.
He said he'd be at the gas station at six.
It's my paycheck. Which I earned. Which I deserve. Which I shouldn't have to beg for. That fat ass bitch won't give it to me.
Plus 40 percent of 20 million's a whole lot of money.
Fun. Jesus <u>fun</u>. I kill myself for a year and a half hand you the best case of your life on a God damn silver platter remind you of why you became a lawyer in the first place and you think of me as fun.
I know. I'm sorry. Do I get to hear what happened anyway.
<u>I know</u>. We're having a meeting it's all set up   
Say you were wrong.
Well. There were a few documents that I somehow didn't get around to shredding. That I kept instead.
Ross you are an absolute angel.
With repeated exposure to toxic levels God anything really respiratory disease liver failure heart failure reproductive failure chronic headaches bone or organ deterioration plus of course any type of cancer.
Have you been to the water board.
Hi Rosalind this is Erin. Brockovich. From the file room. I was wondering if you could tell Mr. Masry that I'm following up on that real estate thing out of the office.
You always say that. Then you go to work and forget you promised.
No offense. There are just some things we need that you probably didn't know to ask.
I said <u>whose number do you need</u>.
Shit yeah. I got numbers coming out of my ears. Like for instance ten.
Why not.
I'm not a deadbeat. I work when I need to.
I do construction which pays real good. And I make it last by living cheap.
I'm gonna clean it up.
It's a simple thing. Everybody gets them. All we gotta do is call an exterminator.
Cause I can get a job. I will. And you can start leaving the kids with the chicken fat lady again. Would that make you happy.
More than you need me.
Hi. It's me. I got a favor to ask you.
I don't know. Few days. Thanks for helping me. I appreciate it.
Real early. We're just gonna take your car to get some breakfast.
We'll just be a minute. Get a little more sleep.
It's just the pain. It's only getting worse. I can't be a good wife. I can't be a good mother.
I had photos of my kids plus a mug   
There may be jobs where you can disappear for days at a time but this isn't one of them. Here if you don't do the work you don't get to stay.
Outside with the sprinkler. So it's good.
Is this a joke. Did Baxter put you up to this.
Yes My Lord.
We've discussed this before.
You are the last Jedi Luke. You are our only hope. Be patient.
I'm cold.. so cold..
You must go to the Dagobah System.. There you will learn from one who taught me: Yoda the Jedi Master.
Mine. Mine. Or I'll help you not.
I'm not looking for a friend. I'm looking for a Jedi Master.
You know the Jedi Master.
Patience. It's time to eat.
Yes.. yes. That would be a great asset.
He's checking out a meteorite that hit near him. He'll be in soon.
With all the meteor activity in this system it's going to be difficult to spot approaching ships.
The Empire won't look for you out here. I'd say you're all set.. which means it's time for me to get going.
She is looking for Master Luke and assumed he would be here with you. No one seems to know..
I do hope he's all there.. if you take my meaning. I would hate to see Master Luke develop a short circuit..
Not collapsing honey. It's closing. This is no cave..
Does Luke know.
Wait don't open it.. that's one of the traps for the ice creatures.
That should do nicely.
Beautiful.
Well I hope you don't expect more.
It's not my fault. I can't under  stand it.
Oh so sorry. Didn't mean to offend your droid. You think braking and shutting down in that amount of time is easy.
Well sometimes.. Ah hah I knew it. Lando Calrissian.
Look sweetheart I'm not going to have you accusing my friend of..
There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser. My sentry markers are placed. I'm heading back to the base.
Don't worry. You haven't seen the last of us.
Luke. I don't get it.
What.
That sounds familiar.
Slim but yes there's a chance. They have a shelter. It's not much but..
Not yet. They're working on it now.
Closer..
Well what now.
To become a Jedi takes the deepest commitment the most serious mind.
You are reckless.
I thought those seekers were set for stun.
They're a lot stronger than I'm used to.
And I too.
No.
That primitive apes can talk.
And Earth will be destroyed just as we saw it. Only since fleeing it we have passed through a .backward disturbance in time did you notice the Date Meter clicking down after the shock wave hit our ship. and we have returned to Earth almost two thousand years before its destruction. That is another reason for keeping silence. Our human captors would not be edified to know that one day their world will crack like an egg and fry to a cinder because of an Ape war of aggression.
Dr. Milo please don't call my wife mad.
With food.
Zero emotional developments. Total lack of compassion. A highly developed psychopathic instinct to survive.
Plissken slow down the sub. You're overloading the power plant.
He jumped. Down there. He's dead Cuervo. I did it. I killed Plissken.
You told me he was dead.
No that sucks. How are we getting out.
No. The right skid's broken. If I try to set it down she'll crash. I have to stay in a hoverwhile you jump off. Hey Carjack. We gotta hide the girl. Give her your dress.
That's the deal.
All you need to know is get it back here by 5 a.m.
Well yeah. All you have to do is push the button.
All right. Anything for you Snake. Although I was going to take you to Cuervo Jones' place.
Don't like it don't come.
Down that way.
Oh no it's the Doctor.
The Surgeon General of Beverly Hills.
The what.
I cannot  
Not a boast sir but a curse. Never have I met my match in joust or duel.
The book without pages. Open before you all around us. You can see it in bits and pieces for if mortal men were to see it whole and all complete in a single glance why it would burn him to cinders.
 of course 
Guenevere 
The Lady of the Lake. Take it. Take it quickly.
Never where you expect it that's all I know.
Me. I have lived by the oath of king and knight.
Rise Mordred.
Ye 
Not you my husband.
I am a fighting man and I am married to the quest. That is enough.
I cannot love as a woman the lady who will be wife to my King and my friend. And in pledging my love to you I cannot love any other woman.
Love demands it.
You're a man .with metal skin.
That I cannot.
  I am the sea which covers the desert forever under its weight.
Talk. Lovers murmuring to each other 
One land one king. That is my peace.
The child is mine Uther. I have come for him.
To kill and be king is that all.
Well why are they tearing the building down.
Oh not to bad kinda like the Walt Disney version of the Ho Chi Minh story but other than that it was terrific.
And you got an invitation.
Your kidding me. What is it a big party or something.
Oh circuit my ass he doesn't give a shit.
Didn't who tell me.
Yes I'm affraid it is.
Really. wow.
Very sorry but you see no rats.
Fine thank you.
Yes I think so.
Why the math.
Her condition isn't quite what it seems. Nobody knows the cause of her hyperkinetic behaviour in a child. The Ritalin sems to work to relieve the condition but we really don't know how or why frankly. Your daughter's symptoms could be an overreaction to depression  but that's out of my field.
Lies.
Have you ever known your daughter to swear and use obscenities.
You're kidding. Like what.
The shaking of the bed that's doubtless due to musuclar spasms.
I think it's time we started looking for a psychiatrist.
That's okay. I should've told you I wouldn't be in uniform.
And how do you go about getting an exorcism.
Not a psychiatrist. She needs a priest. She's already seen every fucking psychiatrist in the world and they sent me to you now you're gonna send me back to them. Jesus Christ won't somebody help her.
It's fine really sit.
Father.
Think it was a guilding. It was grey. Oh it was so beautiful the guy let me ride it all around.
You know how.
Captain who.
Who's Captain Howdy.
Well you know it's okay.
Yeah I like him. Don't you like him. Hey what's going on. What is this.
Oh my god you kidding me marry Burke Dennings don't be silly of course not.
Well your thinking's not so good.
Why does God let us get tired.
What we missed in the EEG and the arteriogram could conceivably turn up there. At the least it would eliminate certain other possibilities.
I came to say goodbye.
Withering Heights.
Uh Huh.
Holy water.
Uoy era ohw.
Last month.
Momma I'm all right I'm fine really I am.
Only what I read in the papers.
Incidentally I mention only in passing that I could tell the judge that it was a matter of confession.
Fuck him 
Yes I am her brother he's the son
How old are you.
Twelve.
Who is it.
Now. Why not tomorrow. After the show.
Twelve years.
So maybe it's time we took a vacation from each other.
Maybe next time.
We have some lotion.
Frank.
You're a real tough guy when the ladies are around aren't you Ace.
Catholics. What do you expect. Oh well what's in a name right. Let's go inside and have a look at that cake.
Wait. Watch. Here comes Dad.
When they coming in.
What's the point.
Count the fucking money Frank.
I hate your kids Frank.
You got weird kids Frank.
You'll see.
So talk to me tomorrow. After the gig.
Something came up. Don't worry Charlie stayed true. Both nights. I'll give you your share tomorrow. At the house.
Your doorbell doesn't work.
Hey pal I got a mortgage all right. I got two kids. I got a wife. Besides he made the deal. There's no shame in it.
That how you see it.
I don't know.. She had gum on her lip for Christ sake. I don't think she's right for the act.
I didn't get her number.
I told everyone seven fifteen. Didn't I. Seven fifteen.
Here how's this.
Two years ago. March.
We were playing the lounge one night and she came in.
Right.
Good idea.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're gonna be here a week.
Really.
Dedications. I came up with the idea on the road. See every morning the maids drop one of these cards in each room. The guest fills out the card leaves it at the front desk and that night we play it. Daniels went crazy for the idea. And that's not all. Last night after the nine o'clock he corners me right and starts asking about our availability. Like he wants to line something up. I think he's got a hard on for Susie.
Thinking there's someone who looks like you walking around the street somewhere. Wonder if I saw him I'd think it was you.
We were just having a little discussion about morality.
The party's over.
Right. It's incredible how you do that. Remember things.
He was just having fun.
Maybe so. You ever go back there. Where it happened.
The tenth's out.
What disease.
A channel. It's just a little further down the dial that's all. Look it's publicity. Publicity's publicity. Right.
There's not going to be a viewing. I figured with the kids and all..
Five years ago. November.
Thrilling. Both of you.
No we're not. Jack.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Blanche.
Well that's fine   
You're an hour and a half late.
Miss   
Is there a language problem here. Your dress. For tonight. Where is it.
Do I look like I'm naked.
Time for what.
Nine.
Did you hear it.
Jesus you fellas've made a lot of noise. What's with the stars.
Virgins.
And two more times tomorrow night and two more times the next night and the next night and the next night and the next night. Frank I can't sing that fucking song anymore.
Thanks Lloyd.
So. I'm here you're here the piano's here. What d'ya say.
It's been a long time Ma.
Yes. I supposed you still have that old phone booth.
Not for money. With my mother.
Nice place. Fulla velvet. Even the bedspreads. Damn. Two fifty a pack and I go through 'em like toothpicks. Twelve and a half cents a piece you believe that.
Every year.
Yeah well I wish God would go a little easy on the trumpets.
It's a shitty song.
Look. You don't know good. All right.
Long story.
Nervous.
Yeah  No.
Huh.
Oh. Carrots. And peas. None of the important ones.
Yeah. Jesus you look like fucking royalty Tommy.
Looks old.
Fine. You.
You look great Castor. Really. Here I got a shot of your favorite Mescal. Even has the worm.
For being one helluva guy.
We need to talk.
So is finishing my residency and passing my boards..
Never mind that. Just take Jamie and get out of that house. Don't tell anyone where you're going especially not him just GO.
Think about it Eve. Everything he's done recently has been peculiar right. He's said and done things your husband would never do..
An NSA surgeon gave me Castor's face. He handled the transplant the vocal implant everything. But somehow Castor came out of his coma and killed everyone who knew about the mission. But not before he was transformed into me.
Why point it at me. I'm the real thing.
Tell me what happened on April 9th 13 years ago.
Our Pacific Rim stations. These numbers must be bounties. Castor's not wasting any time.
Jon what is it.
Damn right.
Go on.
She doesn't know and she never will.
Don't worry. I've done my homework. I'll get Pollux to talk.
I've been working night and day. I haven't had time.
Don't count on it.
Not if I kill you first..
Archer cut him a deal for turning state's evidence. He's free.
You always call me Miss Brewster.
Obviously someone else knows it. Get everybody back to their posts NOW.
You better get used to it. That bitch Lazarro is getting kicked upstairs. Guess what white bread family man is going to replace her.
Don't worry nobody knows I'm inside. Check it out. Remember that fat fuck agent who roughed us up in Thailand. He's being treated for bone cancer at the V.A. Thanks to the miracle of NSA grid technology.. Ooops. His radiation does just quadrupled.
No problem.
Normally I would. But today..
The world can wait Jon. You're going.
   Yes.
Back then who wasn't.
Wait a second you hated Madonna. Didn't you.
Her assistant said you could call her at home after eight.
No.. You almost married this woman. Aren't you even curious what she wants.
Hey Santa where are you. Everybody’s here.
Why Jack.
I don’t think you’re hearing me.
What’s going on here.
That’s right. Okay let’s make a quick stop at the kids’ shoe department pick up my watch from the battery place then I’ll run into the linen store 
On a case by case basis 
Big Ed’s. Big Ed’s Tires. Why .
That’s where you work.
One year he had a solar system named after her 
She wants to have an affair with me.
It’s your birthday. Today. What’s your name. Where were you born.
You want to talk about regrets you're talking to the wrong person.
Look eventually everybody gets one some of ‘em take a couple seconds ..some of ‘em take a lot longer 
Mr. Mintz. I don’t think so building’s closed pal. You’ll have to come back tomorrow.
That’s the kind of thing you can really build on 
What.
I was in the city.
Party. Oh no I can’t go to a party 
Pro bono. You don’t get paid at all. Nobody makes a dime. Well bravo 
And .
It’s ten thirty Jack. By eleven you’re gonna be sprawled out on the bed snoring your head off. We don’t have time for wining and dining.
Surprise. We’re pregnant  Yeah that must’ve been I mean that was very unexpected. But what are you gonna do right.
I think it worked out okay don’t you.
Sorry Jack. It’s too important to me.
Wait a minute. You’re my wife.
Okay 
I guess some of them are probably faking.
Way out 
Annie goes to a great school.
I’m talking about the best schools in the country here Kate 
Jack what could you possibly be thinking. What about my job.
Then get a goddamn snow blower.
Please just promise me you’ll do that. You have to promise Kate. Because if you don’t then it’s like it never happened and I don’t think I could live with that.
It’s good to see you 
Jesus Jack 
Jersey. You know what the traffic's gonna be like.
You wouldn't say that if you could see me.
You'd never know it.
External SRBs orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in   
Yeah you and Debbie and perfect   
Well maybe <u>you</u> should date him.
This isn't permanent Johnny. We need to be careful until we're normal again.
Yeah. I can tell. Victor was right.
Ben I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe  
Oh well that's easy: I'm hot. You're well you're a little limp. Sue's easy to see through. And Ben's always been a hardass. Why aren't you writing this down.
Act. Here we go again. Reed what if we got these gifts for a <u>reason</u>. What if we have some you know like calling.
Meet me at 4:01 top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up.
<u>Please</u> tell me you go silent too.
Sweet.
Is that what you call it. <i>Real</i>.
Look around sis. <u>She's not here</u>. So you can stop talking to me like I'm your little boy   
Sis. Let <u>me</u> take care of <u>you</u> for once.
And if he's not .
Top left like you asked. Today Wall Street. Tomorrow who knows maybe Washington.
So reel him in. But we came here to do a <u>job</u>. So let's do it. <u>Quickly</u>.
Victor if we could understand what happened to us   
Yes thanks.
Okay. Is there any way to duplicate that feeling. Some memory or 
And reverse the mutations   
He was going to take away all my data equipment   
The power I need more power to control the storm   
Just <u>find</u> him.
For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
That can't be there's no direct connection between the two   
But it's hopeless. They can't go back and they can't go on. I tell you there's nothing else we can do but remove them.
I know that. But what's the maximum.
In his comatose state and everything slowed down no more than sixty seconds.
Tell him where he fits in will you. I've got a few things to check out.
I wouldn't know if he's trying to save him or kill him.
Say that again.
Grant our Miniaturizer can shrink anything.
And no matter what happens you're to take orders <only> from Dr. Michaels understand.
Yes slowed down agreat deal.
Yes Cora.
No danger of an embolism. At our reduced scale they're much too minute to prove fatal to Benes.
Now I know 
A long time with one man.
I have no idea.
As obvious as that. Our Security people will jump for joy. I suppose Duval's onto me too.
Yes 
If it won't work it's beyond my power to fix it. But if it does there's no telling how long it will hold up. It's a jury rig at best and we'll need every second of use we can get out of it. That's why I don't want to put any extra strain on the connections by running unnecessary tests.
As usual you want everything your way. Except this time there's more than your damned ego at stake.
It I can clear this Central Nerve that <may> be enough 
I saw the laser just before we started. It was fastened down securely. You don't suppose what happened was an 'accident.' Any more than my safety line snapping after it was tied off to the sub.
Reticular fibers. We ought to be clear of them soon.
I can't tell you.
I'm married.
That makes two of us.
That's cutting it mighty close for a perfect fit.
We feel great don't we. Just <great>..
I'll guide you once we're in the Heart.
I decided not to   I'm uh not taking the trip as it turns out.
I'm sorry sir we do have to charge you the four dollars.
Well see there's a minimum charge of four dollars. Long term parking charges by the day.
Fuck you man. Where's Jerry. I gave SIMPLE FUCKING INSTRUCTIONS  
Drop that fucking money.
Certainly  
Wuddya do. Carl looks around.
I need..unguent.
Whoa Daddy.
You want your own wife kidnapped.
That's right. And we need more money.
Oh for Chrissakes here  
 Yah well you stay away from Scotty now  
I sat right here and said I didn't want no TruCoat.
Yah you don't need that. Now were you thinking of financing here. You oughta be aware a this GMAC plan they have now it's really super  
Oh yah I know that.
You have children.
Oh he's adorable.
Where'd you get him that parka.
Just a general way.
No I gotta   hey Norm I thought you were goin' fishin' up at Mile Lacs.
Is there anything else you can tell me about him.
No I   they don't want   they're just s'posed to be dealin' with me they were real clear.
You bet.
Dad. What're they doing. Wuddya think they're doin' with Mom.
Well you can help me. My name's Marge Gunderson  
Yah but  
I'm sorry sir I  
Yah real good.
Pretty good Mr. Lundegaard. You're damned hard to get on the phone.
Yah how much money was that.
Okay.
What the   how's Jean.
I thought you were gonna show it to Stan Grossman. He passes on this stuff before it gets kicked up to me.
What kind of finder's fee were you looking for.
Yah but think this thing through here Wade. Ya give 'em what they want why wont' they let her go. You gotta listen to me on this one Wade.
It's my money I'll deliver it   what do they care.
Well that's okay I just  
Well that's okay he's a buddy of the guy ya vouched for so I'm not worryin'. I just I was wonderin' see I gotta get in touch with 'em for I might not need it anymore sumpn's happenin' see  
Yah.
Yah. Well what now d'ya think.
You don't think he's mixed up in  
Yah. Say Lou ya hear the one about the guy who couldn't afford personalized plates so he went and changed his name to J2L 4685.
Great. What brings ya down   are ya down here on that homicide   if you're allowed ya know to discuss that.
No I   Mike   wyncha sit over there I'd prefer that.
Yah sorry so I was married to Linda Cooksey   ya remember Linda. She was a year behind us.
Yep.
Nope.
So.
What'd he say.
No. No. They never married. Mike's had psychiatric problems.
But we still haven't found Gustafson.
Thanks hon.
Yeah couple a muskies. No pike yet. How d'you feel.
There's no one else here.
I'm not disclosed to bespeak any such information to you nor would I even if I had said information you want at this juncture be able.
Six months ago Bob's testicles were removed. Then hormone therapy. He developed bitch tits because his testosterone was too high and his body upped the estrogen. That was where my head fit into his huge sweating tits that hung enormous the way we think of God's as big.
 using steroids. I was a juicer. Diabonol then Wisterol it's for racehorses for Christsake. Now I'm bankrupt divorced my two grown kids won't return my calls 
Really what's that.
You are..
Yeah both of us.
Okay. Where to begin. With your constant absenteeism. With your unpresentable appearance. You're up for review 
I'd like to thank the academy 
Maybe I died already. Look at my face.
These are my groups. I was here first. I've been coming for a year.
Really.
Please. Can't we do something 
You haven't been going to yours.
Me too. I got a stomach full of Xanax. I took what was left of a bottle. Might've been too much.
Here.
Feel anything.
I don't know.
It was the smart move on her part.
  A person.
You're afraid to say.
He's not here. Tyler's not here anymore. He's gone away.
Say my name.
I know that I've been  unwell. I know it's been like there's two sides to me.
Uh  I'm sorry. We met on the plane. We had the same briefcase. I'm  you know the clever guy.
Excuse me. Throwers.
Somehow I realize all of this the gun the bombs the revolution is really about Marla Singer.
Being clever.
Keep it up then. Keep it right up.
Well I have to file a claim 
Why don't you cut the shit and ask if you can stay at my place.
It's called a changeover. The movie goes on and nobody in the audience has any idea.
He farted on meringue; he sneezed on braised endive; and with creme of mushroom soup well 
Go ahead. Say it.
Me.
Alright go crazy. Let 'er rip.
Where do you want it. In the face.
Like hell. That counted.
Anyone.
Oh a new riot control grenade ..the successful combination of concussive 3000 foot candle flash  blasts and simultaneous high velocity disbursement of blah blah blah 
I'm fine.
She needs an exorcist. This isn't love. This is sport fucking.
We don't need him 
Work. Going to work.
Imagine how he feels.
Should I E mail you. Should I put this on your action item list.
I want to know   
Why did you do that.
But when you fall asleep I do things without you 
This isn't possible 
We're going to have to do something about Marla 
Wrong wrong what about the car crash  the two guys in the backseat.
Fuck you.
Defuse the bomb.
Paraffin. Your merry band mixed the nitro with paraffin. I saw it floating in the bomb.
Why can't I get rid of you. Why can't I just wish you away.
What.
Maintenance.
Listen something is going to happen something terrible 
Robert Paulson.
Really.
We need some towels Lou. We need replacement light bulbs.
Your mom and dad will have to call kindly doctor so and so to dig up your dental records because there won't be much left of your face.
I  I don't know 
Well if you put them on the list they're already tits up.
Random sure.
That lucky bastard.
Carter.
Does she have a cell phone. A way we can contact her.
I never mad it. The Greyhound bus I was on splattered some chick all over the road and we had to stop.
How do you know.
Don't worry. Nothing can happen to us.
Yeah don't make me cite you for harassment.
Get ready to smile five guys per girl.
Sure.
When I die. Is it gonna hurt.
I guess so.
I know honey. I just   
Hey Dad. What's up.
As in flannels and plaids.
Remember the gate number.
Right. April 25th.
Easy Billy just open it.
All I owe is these people. To live my life to the fullest.
Intervention. What are you God now..
I know what you're doing. It's alright to be scared Carter. You don't have to prove to us how big your balls are. Not now.
Read you.
This is state of the art firepower.
That's a real good reason to wind up in 'Nam.
Damn. Leeches.
Why'd they want us.
I do.
Word came down  they wanted an answer. And they knew the answer they wanted: no POWs. But it had to look good. Best effort. The whole dog and pony show.
Terminate with extreme prejudice.
There were treating me like a headcase.
That's it. My life.
Plus what else. Two Silver Stars four Bronze Stars two Soldier's Medals four Vietnamese Crosses of Gallantry and  uh a handful of Purple Hearts.
I say we tape him to a chair.
That all depends on you Sure you don't want a drink.
What.
Why this is outrageous .
I smell gas  Do you smell gas 
Oh stop. Things will change. My Aunt Mary always said there's a remedy for everything in this world except death and having no class.
Who's knows. My Aunt Marge used to say some matches are made in heaven some are made in hell and some are made in hardware stores.
I'm an incredible woman. What is this a death sentence.
You want to talk. Come on Jack  Did I cross the line by mentioning the future or what.
No  it's just 
Terrific. Going on alot of dates.. seeing lots of men  lots of dates..
Yeah Edwin <u>sure</u>  and <u>Pinnochio</u> is a true story  <u>Edwin. Wake up.</u> This is a fairytale 
She <u>likes</u> me. She said for me to call.
<u>I tell him no visitors</u> 
He and his wife was were at some bar.and some nut came in with a shotgun and blew the place apart. She was a beautiful girl She never knew what hit her.
You can ask.
They're putting me on film tomorrow.
  First time in my life I'll be a voice with a body. Do you know what that means. What this could lead to.
No I have to work.
Great place huh.
<u>What</u>..
They said you're The One.
Uhh  I'm drawing a blank.
But I need help and <u>they</u> sent you.
They work for Him.
Oh please  you're embarrassing me.
But I can't get it  He's 
I know 
Huh huh. I'm deeply smitten.
Well if every time someone did something offensive they hit in the head with a pebble I think they might alter their behavior. What do you think Jack 
No..no it's..I don't know what to say. This is so nice of you Jack 
I take it back   you're fucking deranged  And you're going to get yourself killed trying to get in there.
You're totally gone aren't you.
Who.
Come on try it. Ya feel the air on your body   ya little fella's flappin' in the breeze everybody in the city is busy with their business and no one knows we're bare assed in the middle of it. Come on.
Maybe when we get the Grail 
I'm still scared.
I don't like horror movies.
It sounds exciting.
No really..believe me   there isn't any more. This is it.
I don't drink coffee 
Yeah 'cause she's so twinky 
It's ridiculous. I'm sitting here listening to some asshole cracker compare his life to mine.
I got accused a robbin' a fillin'station down in the Indian Nation didn' I tell you 
No.
No dammit I would easy.
You can sing the song.
You know what you are never satisfied.
No I'm not mad at you hand. It'll be all right. Just spot and follow through 
Right. Now show me a little somethin' this time okay. Give me some form 
I did didn' I El.
You're goin' a find me dead one time.
Sssh come on now  Be a good girl.
I 'magine it's me then id'n it.
You're depressed that I come along.
I can't talk to you right now leave me alone 
Who.
Who. People that's who. Pretty soon there won't be room for anyone. They're selling more crap that people go and buy than you can imagine. Oofh. Crap. I believe everybody should have a big hole where they throw in all this stuff and burn it.
I didn't get it did I.
No. We have tomatoes.
You want me to hold the chicken.
Very nice.
I have to talk seriously with you 
Everybody still up on the Island.
A couple of months.
Well do you I mean have you enjoyed all these  strange things you've been doing.
Uhm hmm.
No thanks 
Sailors are sadistic I feel.
My turn.
Can't I have anything to myself dammit..
But what about me.
That's dangerous you know.
Tomorrow's a full practice day  But the day after is kind of open.
I have played a few times. Here and there. As a matter of fact I was once a rehearsal pianist for a Las Vegas musical revue.
None.
I don't think that's accurate 
Yes it is.
Will you let me talk to you please.
I can't do that. I haven't been being fair to Carl. I have to tell you that.
What.. I can't hear you.
What.
Oh no. You're more than welcome.
Oh uh huh. I had a little kittycat once that Bobby give me 
Wait a minute. I'm not that neat maybe but I am clean.
Right steam. A car you could ride around in and not cause a stink. But do you know they will not even let us have it. Can you believe it. Why.. Man. He likes to create a stink. I wrote them a note once and told them to clean it  I mean don't you see that. It's just filthy. I mean I've seen filth you wouldn't believe. Oofh what a stink. I don't even want to talk about it 
Perhaps 
That's exactly what I am doing again.
I have a suggestion. Why don't we take a break.
God I just wanna speak to you. I just wanna speak to you the way I feel about you.
Just get the fuck outta here.
Is it true.
Yo Carlos I'm gonna punch you.
Natasha Maria Tina 
Oh man what we gotta leave ar' own neighborhood for.
Eddie from Compost.
Which one.
You sure.
So then whadda ya want.
Wha'.
You gotta girLfrLend.
Whaddyamean 'maybe'.
What. What are you talking about.
You idiot. Off the record deep background: I've got that beach crawling with undercover cops.
Maybe I'm not going to keep you here. Maybe I'm gonna blow your brains out.
Not a prayer.
Tell the nurse when you've got a few free days. She'll make all the arrangements.
I think I’d rather have drugs.
What the heat here.
Where am I.
I guess not.
I did not break nor enter. I simply chose an advisable location to await my client's delinquent husband.
Hey shut up okay. I just hate this.
Wait a minute. Our problems might be solved.
I like your outfit. You got the fifty grand and the plane ticket.
Right.
California. San Berdoo. Utah's part of my route. Can I ask you a few questions.
Check.
Course he has. That's his wife.
I know. I got bad luck or something.
Because I'm a newspaper reporter and I'm nailing Chief Cummings as the source for drugs on the beach. You're in big trouble Gummy.
Sure you did.
My company has taken out a very large insurance policy on me. And I have a wife. Suicide would nullify my insurance. Murder does not.
Not with the scum you hang out with. I've watched. I've thought. Its a perfect scheme. I even have a perfect escape plan for you.
You've certainly thought this out haven't you.
The gun the money the tickets and the dying.
You doing a story on this guy.
Huh. No not my wedding. Yours.
John. You used to fly together.
Oh personal stuff. Look. I hit one.
I can't figure out why I went to Utah for the morning.
John Ultramalensky.
Are you still in love with Alan.
No. I mean 'no you can't ask me that.' I mean ask me something else.
What are you talking about.
I'll take you to a game.
Yes I'm with the Underhills.
In her cabana sir.
So you're saying she moved out.
I'm her cousin.
Irwin professional journalism time now. Go back to the goddamn beach and finish the goddamn story.
No it's not okay. You have to have this in by tomorrow. Did you see the ad we ran Sunday.
You broke it. You know the source.
How gray.
I'd say charcoal.
All right. Maybe there are some crooked cops involved in all this.
Utah.
Yeah. It's wedged in between Wyoming and Nevada. I'm sure you've seen pictures.
I have some ideas.
Very possibly. Come on say yes. I'll buy you a shirt.
You'll have it.
Who's Frieda.
I don't know I never met your father.
I need you to find my little sister. She goes by the name Zuzu 
I'm sorry that's gotta be a pair of tube socks he has down there.
What did these Vancouver factories do.
Damn Ford you're the most cynical man in the industry and that's not easy.
Fucking Australians. I hate that country continent what is it. Don't we do nuclear testing there.
You're a fucking gentleman. What do you want from me.
A fucking C.D. Wow this case is closed. So she's got bad taste in music and in men  Did I tell you she and Johnny were lovers and that they were into something and he got killed for it.
Who.
Three hundred.
Fluck you.
No. Who's Art Mooney.
Friends. You didn't tell me that.
Who cares about people.
But you know that was just a dream. Doesn't really count.
No wait 
I won't ask why you would want to help someone trying to kill you but hey good job. Shall we.
ArtArtArtArtMooneyMooneyMooney Mooney.
Forget it.
These two guys in long cowboy coats and real nice suits. I think Armani. They were going through your stuff with screwdrivers and shit  I did what you would have done.
You gotta admit those are all pretty great reasons 
Case closed okay. Thirty seconds.
Don't worry I can run every ballet note for note in my brain 
When I was young I read <u>Billboard</u> and I could not believe how much Grendel Records and how little of it my idiot father Old Jack Grendel got.
Do you really know everybody in the industry.
That's funny you're cute.
Hey the poet 
I don't remember any Arbor Day cards from Mr. Rock 'n' Roll Detective.
I don't take cases with foundations in bullshit. They are very hard to walk around in.
You don't use shit.
Boca.
No nothing. There's only some talk.
Takin' care o' business it's after midnight.
Yeah.
I don't know what you're talkin' about.
Man I'm clean.
Who's this   
Mmmmm. That bastard who followed me on the subway he's the eager one.
Get up on the bar and show me how you work. If I like it you don't have to go in.
Yeah.
When ya go back on.
Drink this.
Give who a tail.
The greaser with the blonde.
Let me tell you what I know Daryl. You went to Saint Xavier with Mary. You lived five blocks from her. You liked her. But she ain't interested. That must've hurt huh.
Nicky Moore. Patty Ryan. Mary Finelli. These names mean anything to you asshole. Julia Sullivan. She mean anything. She means something to me.
Elvis has left the building.
Hey bud.
Did he.
I love you more.
He ain't the only one.
Okay 
I've been talking to this guy this cop on the HAM and uh he 
I gotcha I gotcha Chief.
Let's go. Do us both a favor.
Uh huh.
How's that.
What if I told you that in the bottom of the 6th we're gonna be down 3 0. And Cleon Jones is gonna get hit in the foot. It's gonna leave a scuff mark on the ball.
Daddy put the wheels back on. I'm gonna fall.
Don't think about falling just keep pedaling.
Daddy I'm scared.
Look I don't really remember how this thing works.
Listen you can't broadcast without a license. Unless this is an emergency you gotta get off the band.
Whatta ya know. Bayside born and raised.
I thought these things were for talkin' around the world.
Is this some kind of joke. Gordo is that you. Are you fucking with me.
Look pal I'm just askin' how you 
It's okay. I'm still here Chief.
On the job.
What it was like when you died in the fire 
She just died your mother just died.
Jesus Christ that's ten days from now. How.
I don't know  What about the other women.
That'll never work. They'll just think you're crazy.
No. Nobody got  Wait a minute. I might not know who he is but I know where he's gonna be. I got the case file. We know what he's gonna do before he does it.
I do know. I'm a cop. This is what I do.
Sissy Clark 190 Riverside Dr. apartment 3C. Tomorrow. She's a nursing student. Paying her way as a cocktail waitress at the Peppermint Lounge on west 63rd. Left work at two A M killed in her apartment between two thirty and five.
What are we like in 1998.
I talked to him Gordo. I talked to my Dad.
Cancer. It was the cigarettes. Right. The cigarettes.
She made up her mind. Nothin' I do is gonna change it.
Uh huh.
Fine. You know Dr. Schwartz retired last month.
No kidd'n he musta been pushing 90.
Close.
I look familiar.
Nah just working the job.
Fuck you asshole.
Where are you going.
He wanted me to warn you. Look at this all of you.
Same thing.
Would you be yourself ..if you looked this this.
Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.
Cool it Andy.
We haven't looked in the barn yet. Let's take a look.
You're too clean for me.
I can't even remember what day it is man.
Have you ever made love in a hammock.
Did you stay here last night.
My whole world.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Excuse me but I believe that's mine 
Damn you Shelly.
You don't have to.
Who's Horace.
Why.
We're gonna scare him..
Maybe we better call that psychiatric clinic.
Wait a minute. I just 
Well Nancy I'm Paula  remember. This is Sissy and we're gonna be right out there all night so nothing can hurt you. Okay .
No more.
Are they grown ups.
But what I get scared again.
I don't know. He called somebody then took off.
Tommy Jarvis. We gotta do something. He's even more powerful now that 
There's no time for this bullshit 
No   You kids better leave. This boy here is not well and I need to talk to him in private.
Yeah that'd be a big shame 
I'm going to kill Jason Voorhees and I need you to help me.
Jason Voorhees is dead.
Sorry Di. I was just going to my car. I didn't mean to frighten you 
Why don't you blow me Chief. After your girlfriend gets through.
Take him to my car. I'll be out in a minute.
Her name's Stephanie.
Hell when Steven was a kid he was like having strippers delivered to church Bingos and shit.
Yeah well somebody fucked her and if I find out it was you I'm gonna come over there and shoot you in the head.
I'm sorry. I have to bring you to a cell.
You mean never as in really never or never as in it was just so stupid you don't want to tell us about it.
Jason Voorhees.
Sounds good. I hear there's a shuffleboard court on deck it might be kinds cool 
You're joking right.
Never mind you don't want to know about it.
He's the son of the Captain for Chrissakes. You'd think he'd be able to operate this thing.
I'm staying.
She didn't push me into coming.
But what about the drowning boy I've been seeing.
What about not so great writers.
Rennie you're the best student I ever had you have a real gift. If anybody can make use of that pen it's you.
I I don't know 
Hi Sean.
I heard you weren't coming.
Just radio for help okay 
Very bad today.
Alla puttanesca.
That sounds so final. But are we really surprised.
What do I exude.
What happened eighteen months ago.
A year and a half later. You're still brooding.
He'll hate it.
The American theater doesn't need people like that.
How do you Eknow.
This could be it.
She's dying.
The Red Sox
We're able to surprise each other.
Because we're completely mismatched.
Don't talk like that. How prominent. What are you implying.
Your mother and I have something between us that's too strong to damage permanently. Believe me I know this. That's right nineteen years. And what about the days and minutes. Sharing small moments sharing memories raising a beautiful child. We're wedded in the deepest and strongest ways. Lillian isn't only my wife. She's my best friend.
Daddy wait.
Packs an emotional wallop.
See Daddy.
I've been talking to a prominent divorce lawyer.
I went because you went. You smoked because I smoked.
This could be it.
Where are your glasses. Go get them.
I do know the answer to that. Why don't we watch the ball game later. We'll go to Mannion's.
It's one thing for kids. You get older you Nhave other things.
But the son is suppose to stop crying.
I could have grown up happy. A Yankee fan. A divorce lawyer.
I think the building's okay. At least for the time being.
Show him who we are.
Might be an accident on the West Side Highway.
A grandmother. God bless you.
Life is good.
Why do you care.
What about my play.
Joanna loves this play. She has sunk tons of money. She is completely Ncommitted.
Well I am. Worried sick. Everybody quotes Steven Schwimmer. He's here to announce the death of civilization. He kills a play every time he farts.
You're not making sense.
Why.
Get the hell out of here. I don't want you bringing our food. Send a real waiter.
Yes.
Not one of Steven's finer moments.
And he has finer moments now and then.
What.
Is what true.
Home.
Yes.
But you're here. So you must have come to me.
As I told you about English policemen.
There's no room. And the air is lovely.
I will follow close behind you and help to serve the people.
I think you do. But I thank God we all don't.
Well he must've found some of the answers 
He's waiting. He's not prepared to accept it will mean as much as you think.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind. We must stop.
That's when you take advantage.
There is nothing I can give.
Yes yes. It's just that  in these clothes I'd I'd prefer to go by taxi.
Bapu please. Where are you going.
It's over.
With respect Sir  it may be the only unaccountable specimen but the profile suggests  
Is there something more we should know about this suspect Sir. I mean besides what's on his sheet.
Since going underground traces of this In Valid have shown up at the scene of four serious felonies. Do you need any more than that.
It is hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers. You've seen their security system. They know who works there. Even if you ignore the man's expiration date his profile suggests that he doesn't have the mathematical propensity let alone the stamina to pass their physicals.
Don't underestimate these imposters.
Get it. From outside if you have to.
No but since there aren't too many <i>live</i> ones tonight either you won't mind us conducting one further sweep. If he does not work here then there should be no other trace of him. I think you'd better get some people out of bed Detective. In the meantime we can re check his favorite haunt.
I will not permit any further testing on the eve of a mission. We're already counting backwards.
German.
Noone orders southpaws anymore.
This calls for a celebration. Doesn't it.
So what. You didn't kill him did you.
How could they recognize you. <i>I</i> don't recognize you. Anyway you don't have a choice. You run you may as well sign a confession turn us both in right now. No we stick this out   find out what we can but change nothing. This is a minor inconvenience is all it is. We've taken worse heat than this. Jesus if I'd known you were going to go belly up on me at the last fucking gasp I wouldn't have bothered. You can't quit on me now. I've put too much into this. Besides this stuff is <i>mine</i>. I had other offers you know. I could have rented myself out to somebody with a spine. You want me to wheel in there and finish the job myself. We'll take off all right from pad 18 just like we planned.
I don't feel too good. I think I'm still drunk from last night.
You're not thinking of telling her are you.
Don't worry about your little pin cushion. To be honest I'm looking forward to having the place to myself.
How the hell did you get here.
I got the better end of the deal. I just lent you my body  you lent me your dream.
There's a way.
They said the same thing about myopia and obesity. You think your children would be less human if they were less violent angry spiteful. Maybe they'd be <i>more</i> human. From where I sit the world could stand a little improving.
Last night. I was at home.
Where.
Those checks take forever.
It's not safe. I shouldn't have brought you here.
Come on.
I can't do this.
Honey look around you. The world doesn't want one like <i>that</i> one.
That's your problem.
One. The radio's rappin' about $750^000. We only got a half a million.
I'm a lot better off than I was an hour ago.
Where do you want to go.
I've been there every day for the last four years.
I hope so. I am not looking forward to another stretch.
I made a mistake. I'll never make another one.
What do you want for dinner.
It's all right.
Better than I remembered.
You were asleep.
Usually on the right side as you go in.
Should be light traffic that time of day  the Bank Guard carries a38. These will stop an M.2 at fifty yards.
If we are clean Gollie will take us over at Nogales. If we are hot we'll have to try Laughlin at El Paso.
You know I've actually gotten tired waiting sometimes  worn out waiting.
I've never been there  When we met it was in his office.
There wasn't any way to explain it.
Who's she.
You don't like the way things are I don't like the way things
I think you liked it with him.
El Paso.
Whatever happens it's over.
Laughlin. He's always got his family around  that wife and kid of his have to stand by his side to make sure he stays off the juice and horses.
If they are not here he must have sent them away.
Who was it.
I guess we are.
That little job cost me a hundred dollars  didn't even get to keep the fish.
Might try that.
You were with him.
Okay. How many bank exits.
What about the vault.
One inch stuff on a three number combination.
I kinda doubt it.
Don't you want to go to the airport.
I don't report the car and I don't know either of you.
Can he trust you.
The glucose will begin working in half an hour. You'll feel better then 
When did you find out.
This is my brother's car.
How'd it happen then.
I know.
I made a mistake.
Confidential like.
Oh really. You're getting very optimistic in your old age aren't you Thorpey.
Address.
What do you mean. You've been Frank's bird ever since her mother cleared off. You're closer to her than anyone.
Look I'm me right. You're not. We are what we are like it or not. Why all the bloody needle.
He wanted me to leave Dave and marry him. Last Friday I told him it wouldn't work. Dave would have killed us both. He followed me home and kicked up a stink in the street I had to tell Frank I couldn't see him any more. It was getting too dodgy. That was on Sunday. He said he'd kill himself. I was frightened what you might do.
You know Sid Fletcher.
I work for him.
Yes I do.
Who.
Nasty.
Entertaining.
Especially when I play the lead.
Tell me about the girl.
The young girl. Who pulled her.
No. It's all right.
I left last year.
Yes.
Where's that.
Right.
Old Thorpey. Haven't seen him in a long time.
You sure.
My brother Frank.
You don't look it.
What about Keith.
You must be joking. I never eat breakfast Did you sleep well.
No. I'm not tired Do you eat breakfast.
I'm going to sit in the car and whistle 'Rule Britannia'.
How could I stay away.
What you doing around here then.
Didn't you know this is my home town.
It would be. If they were still living.
I've always ad your welfare at heart Eric. Besides which I'm nosy.
And you should know if I remember rightly.
Cyril didn't like it either.
Not till I'm dead Eric.
No. Funny that. Neither did I.
If I'd known I'd have fixed him up with something better.
The gun he means.
That Harry. That's another hundred   twenty five pounds notes of the realm.
Deadbeats all.
They did.
Goddamn right that's right. Guys come on: Oh the blah blah blah I know what I'll do: I'll go in and rob everyone blind and go to Argentina cause nobody ever thought of this before.
Eh.
For some fuckin' Sell ten thousand and you win the steak knives 
Yes.
Yes.
No it's not that simple Dave 
What.
Someone should stand up and strike back.
What do you mean.
And you're saying a fella could take and sell these leads to Jerry Graff.
Yes.
Yes.
No.
Yes. Twenty five hundred apiece. One night's work and the job with Graff. Working the premium leads.
Is that what I said.
That's right the guys are moving them downtown. After the thirtieth. Murray and Mitch. After the contest.
You have to go in. You have to get the leads.
What does that mean.
Listen to this. I have an alibi I'm going to the Como Inn why. Why. The place gets robbed they're going to come looking for me. Why. Because I probably did it. Are you going to turn me in. George. Are you going to turn me in.
They're going to come to everyone.
Me.
I do.
If anyone's going I could use some coffee.
Yes.
Yes. I'm no fucking good.
Down the street.
Where were you.
Then don't sweat it George you know why.
You have nothing to hide.
That's right. You want to go out today .
I didn't why should I Where were you last  Is anybody listening to me . Where's Moss . Where .
Don't fuck with me fella. I'm talking about a fuckin' Cadillac car that you owe me 
How the fuck do I know. What talk to me.
I'm talking with Mr. Lingk. If you please I'll be back in. I'll be back in a while I told you check with Mr. Williamson.
Four. You had four leads. One kicked out one the judge you say 
 no 
 I only 
Roma.
Under him.
Moss.
That's what I'm saying. Yeah. I'd like something off the other list. Which very least that I'm entitled to. If I'm still working here which for the moment I guess that I am. What. I'm sorry I spoke harshly to you.
The deal still stands our other thing.
Well hadn't it.
Sure. I robbed the office. Sure.
Where have you been Shelly. Bruce and Harriet Nyborg. Do you want to see the memos . They're nuts  they used to call in every week. When I was with Webb. And we were selling Arizona they're nuts did you see how they were living. How can you delude yours 
I'm sorry.
Hey I don't want to hear your fucking war stories 
'Why. Why don't I get the opportunities .
Fuck is that supposed to mean.
You do get the opportunity You get them. As I do as anyone does 
They took the phones 
Yes. I did. This morning. What I'm saying to you: things can change. You see. This is where you fuck up because this is something you don't know. You can't look down the road. And see what's coming. Might be someone else John. It might be someone new eh. Someone new. And you can't look back. 'Cause you don't know history. You ask them. When we were at Rio Rancho who was top man. A month . Two months . Eight months in twelve for three years in a row. You know what that means. You know what that means. Is that luck. Is that some some some purloined leads. That's skill. That's talent that's that's 
Which 
Home 
Twelve fifteen.
Didn't I say I was taking the two o' 
James. I'm glad to meet you. I'm glad to meet you James. I want to show you something. It might mean nothing to you and it might not.
My wife 
I don't know the attorney gen  the some consumer office um 
I don't have the power. I said it.
What power.
Fuck you Ricky. I ain't going out today. I'm going home. I'm going home because nothing's accomplished here Anyone talks to this guy is 
Why not.
They took 'em 
You have a mean streak in you Ricky you know that .
'Cause I don't have to eat this month. No. Okay. Give 'em to me  Fucking Mitch and Murray going to shit a br what am I going to do all 
I don't want it if you catch my drift.
I'm giving you three leads. You 
Patel. Fuck you. Fuckin' Shiva handed him a million dollars told him sign the deal he wouldn't sign. And Vishnu too. Into the bargain. Fuck that John. You know your business I know mine. Your business is being an asshole and I find out whose fucking cousin you are I'm going to go to him and figure out a way to have your ass  fuck you  I'll wait for the new leads.
Your check as cashed yesterday afternoon. And we're completely insured as you know in any case.
Did you like your party.
We have no money for a rug.
This man informs to the police; this man allows his vengeance to be bought off  No he is alone.
He's going to kill Fanucci.
Because I need MONEY.
You're a good fellow.
I didn't turn against nobody; he turned against me.
C'mon I see what I can do.
It's all right. He stays with me all the time.
We're making an investment in Havana.
Great Havana's great. Lots of activity in Havana. Anybody I know here. Five Angels. Anybody.
You. What do you mean you I thought 
The same man who tried in Nevada  Hyman Roth not Pentangeli.
The old man will never bring in the New Year.
We have time.
What.
I wish they had. He takes fifty dollars a week from my father's cash drawer. But you can't kill a man like Fanucci.
Will you tell him.
Sure Mikey.
No I have confidence in their loyalty  but this is life and death and Tom you are my brother.
But if you're wrong 
If I'm wrong 
I took care of it.
They can come in now.
I know he's in Israel.
That plane goes to Miami 
They are everywhere.
Your plans are a little different this time. You skip Miami and go straight to Geneva. It's to be deposited to this number. And it's got to be there by Monday morning no slip up.
You were around the old timers who dreamed up how the Families should be organized how they based it on the old Roman Legions and called them 'Regimes'  with the 'Capos' and 'Soldiers' and it worked.
No one can trace anything to me; I pride myself on that.
Do you gamble.
I'm going to the market.
I'm sorry Michael. Senator Geary's here and Mr. and Mrs. Barrett wanted to thank you before they left. Won't you join us Mr. Ola.
Sleeping inside me.
In a minute. They're outside with Esther. I'm very happy for you  I suppose I knew that you're simply too smart for anyone ever to beat you.
You would have killed his brother.
Kay you've got it wrong. That kind of thing's all over I promised you. This was between the two brothers. Years ago Frankie had a young girlfriend; he called her his co wife. That was his joke but he meant it. He wouldn't divorce his wife  because she was a great cook. He said he girlfriend made a spaghetti sauce once and it was so terrible he knew he could never marry her. He set her up in a house in Jersey. She had to be faithful  and she had to have kids. And she did two a boy and a girl. He had her checked out and watched so she couldn't cheat  but the girl couldn't stand that kind of life. She begged him to let her go. He did. He gave her money and made her give up the kids. Then Frankie took them to Italy and had them brought up by his brother Vincenzo. Where he knew they'd by safe.
I'll bring the children up now; they want to say goodbye.
I know what it meant  and I'm prepared to make it up to you. I will make changes; I can. I CAN change; that I have learned that I have the strength to change  And we have another child a boy  and you'll forget the miscarriage.
The Rosato Brothers have performed services for you in the past; I understand that they are under your protection.
We do favors for each other 
I saw an interesting thing today. A man was being arrested by the Military Police; probably an urban guerrilla. Rather than be taken alive he exploded a grenade hidden in his jacket taking the command vehicle with him.
So.
Yes.
No.
How can you be fair with animals. They recruit niggers and spicks; they do violence in their own Grandmother's neighborhoods. And everything is dope and whores; the gambling is left to last. Let me run my family without you on my back. I want them taken care of.
It would be the beginning of the end for my family. How can I keep all my other territories in like if I let two wise guys stand up and demand this and that and then give it to them.
Then why do you want me to lay down to them.
Good.
You wasn't listening you didn't want to talk.
What was that.
Why is everybody giving me crap tonight.
Yeah well keep your filthy thoughts to yourself.
What's to be jealous of.
No. No. I am sorry. Forget everything I say. Here. I will take the tray.
You mean family. All in Joplin Missouri.
Yeah. What's your husband do.
Yes. You know.
I have brought you your clothes. All I ask is that you get dressed and go. We are having a guest for breakfast.
You are right. Yes. We must put him back.
Just that I was in the Marines.
Splendid.
They're just copies then. Gotcha.
To an artistic eye you understand. Have you ever modeled.
You mean you really want to draw me.
You don't say. Which picture.
Oh if it's going to make you uncomfortable  Perhaps we can find something else for you to wear.
Sounds like something you feed the dog.
It is. Only the poorest families ever ate it. We kept ours in a crockery jar.
Of course not. As I said only poor people   
No you were middle class like all Americans.
Full up. I got the hedges to do here then another lawn out by La Cienega.
I hope this has nothing to do with your refusing to sit for me today.
I don't know. I guess I like your stories.
There's no people like you in my crowd.
Actually no. I feel a little out of place.
Neither of us really belongs here.
Just a night out. Sounds like she can't say no to her daughter.
But you said   
That's where you're wrong Clayton. You've just told one. A very good story indeed.
Don't move.
Oh but you feel good Clayton.
Oh but you have. You undressed for me. I kissed you. I even touched your prick. How will you be able to live with yourself.
Ooooh.
I told you. I don't turn on the TV except for the fights.
Yes. Perfectly.
But you appear quite fresh my dear.
Oh dear.
Of course. How is the old boy these days.
I'll be out this afternoon remember. Your family can visit as long as they like.
But it's the horror movies you'll be remembered for.
You think so. That's very kind   
Right.
I've changed my hair you see. Since our last session. Those old snaps look rather dowdy now.
Tell me about Kip  
This is number 50. We did it. It's over Where's the money
I don't know about that Randall. He did such a good job on this paper. And another one just came in..
How is he.
You spend enough time down a man's throat you get to know his tonsils. Do it..
Get out of here then. Now.
No 
Kip.
All I get are the Orientals. They can build 'em but they can't drive 'em So. What are you doing here. What's with the outfit   
I know. Weird huh   
Okay okay. The important thing to remember is to Think Slow. Take your time. It may not seem like it but the night is long. Long enough. Just think slow and think smart 
That's being obscurest.. Who else. Better known. Memphis.
He didn't mess up. There it is..
Kipling was sixteen when you left baby. I don't know what you remember of him. But you should brace yourself
Yes sir  
Damn crooks is everywhere   
Hello Memphis   
I heard you were pumping gas  
Okay   
What do you got..
I can see that  
I can handle it   
Me 
You hear me.
You spread it out by the 2nd night the heat are onto you. Know something's up. With a one night boost by the time all the cars are reported stolen your ship's set sail.
I don't know. What   
I know. I've missed you too
I know..
Move over..
Nope. I got a coffee. And a boyfriend.
On account of me.
The right side of the engine is running richer than the left. And the scope isn't showing shit  I dunno 
They only made a handful. We're lucky there's even one living in the area 
She was so great why'd you leave her.
Shhh  Car thieves are your weakness.
I bet you say that to all the girls 
And Tracy's on the move..
Kip's not clear yet. We got one more to go   
Hello Otto..
Is he still working here
He's gonna be okay. Could do a bit.
All the vehicles get code names. Female names. You say Eleanor lives at such and such   and no one listening on the waves is the wiser..
She soars  
There's excessive resistance in the cranking circuit.. You know what you gotta do   
Don't go busting my balls. Okay.
The guy from near where Christie used to live.
Oh I Him.
Wha. Me.
And if you hear about anybody else fucking around with that shit you tell me.
I understand.
But Paulie I'm sorry. Believe me. I was fucking crazy. But I'm okay now. I can be trusted. I'm clean now. On my children. Believe me. Two weeks cold turkey waiting for bail got my head together 
You thought I was some fucking jerk.
I couldn't wait to get away. I was ordering the dessert when they were eating dinner. When they were having coffee I was asking for a check.
Get inside.
Oh that. Don't worry about that. Nobody's gonna steal it.
That again.
You want her to visit you. Good. Let her stay up all night crying and writing letters to the parole board.
Yes you can. I've got it set up. We'll be fine. All I need is for you to keep bringing the stuff. I've got a guy in here from Pittsburgh who'll move it for me. Believe me in a month we'll be fine. We won't need anybody.
Don't worry about it. You listening to me. Now come on. We gotta go see Paulie.
Hello. Hello. Have a good flight.
I got scared.
Well we gotta dig him up again.
Nah.
Right away I knew he didn't want them. I knew I was going to get stuck for the money. I only bought the damn guns because he wanted them. And now he didn't want them. I didn't say a thing. Jimmy was so pissed he didn't even say goodbye.
How.
Tell Michael not to 1et the sauce stick.
Now this is important. Make sure you leave the house when you make the call. You understand. Do you hear me. It's important. Call from an outside phone. I mean it.
What could I do. If she insisted I had to drive her home for her goddamn hat. I threw the package in the kitchen and went to take her hone.
What kind of person doesn't call.
Driving you crazy. Don't get me started. You're here a month and sometimes I know he doesn't come home at all. What kind of people are these.
I got dry cleaning.
You think that matters. You think they give a shit about anything. The little bastards.
Paulie I swear I'm afraid. The guy's nuts. What do I have to do. Whatever I gotta do I'll do.
Gone.
Look you're my best friend so don't take this the wrong way but in 20 years if you're livin' next door to me comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction I'll fuckin' kill you. And that's not a threat that's a fact. I'll fuckin' kill you.
  and he's like shit. Motherfucker. And he looks in his rearview and sees this cat   I'm sorry  
You could put a pool in that backyard.
So why don't you give me my sandwhich.
Why don't you beat off at your house.
Shut the fuck up.
There's no problem. I was just hoping you could give me some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the early colonies. My contention is that prior to the Revolutionary War the economic modalities especially of the southern colonies could most aptly be characterized as agrarian pre  capitalist and 
Why shouldn't I work for the National Security Agency. That's a tough one.
And what do you see.
I've spoken with the judge and he's agreed to release you under my supervision.
I'll do the work. I'm not going to meet with a therapist.
  Half red half black  
C'mon that guy was a fuckin' piece of work.
The least you can do is show me a little appreciation.
I appreciate that.
Have you heard of Jonas Salk.
So who won the bet.
Well it seems we're in the presence of greatness. Professor Gerald Lambeau is a Field's Medal winner. Combunatorial Mathematics. 1986.
This kid's special Sean. I've never seen anything like him.
Why me.
I need someone with your kind of background.
You're from the same neighborhood. South Boston.
Just meet with the boy once a week.
It's on the college.
Einstein. Had two marriages both train wrecks. The guy never saw his kids one of whom I think ended up in an asylum  
  And confuse him  
  And who do you think he's handling. He pushes people away before they have a chance to leave him. And for 20 years he's been alone because of that. And if you try to push him into this it's going to be the same thing all over again. And I'm not going to let that happen to him.
Sounds good.
About thirty million to one.
He was my roommate in college.
I don't got a crush on her.
I go places I interact.
Probably not.
I did.
I think you're one step away from cutting your ear off.
That's it isn't it. You married the wrong woman. She leave you. Was she bangin' someone else.
Fine.
Well are you going out again.
Why not.
Haven't called her.
You ever think about gettin' remarried.
Is that why you didn't write anything else.
When did you know she was the one.
Where were you.
Gerry says the meeting went well.
But you can't give back to them Will.
Why is it a cop out. I don't see anythin' wrong with layin' brick that's somebody's home I'm buildin'. Or fixin' somebody's car somebody's gonna get to work the next day 'cause of me. There's honor in that.
If you won't answer my questions you're wasting my time.
Twenty years of counselling you see a lot of  
I know.
It's not your fault.
I know.
Over at Tri tech. One of the jobs Professor Lambeau set me up with. I haven't told him yet but I talked to my new boss over there and he seemed like a nice guy.
That's what you want.
Okay sounds good.
I'm sorry I don't recall meeting anyone who fits that description.
Stanford. I'm leaving in June after I graduate.
No.
No I was hoping to get a kiss.
Do you know all their names.
Exactly.
When.
Sometime. I don't know. Next week.
Not tonight.
I guess. I don't know. How do you remember your phone number.
I guess so.
Like me.
  But you can do my O chem lab in under an hour you can  
  Don't tell me about my world. You're the one that's afraid. You just want to have your little fling with the guy from the other side of town and marry  
  some prick from Stanford that your parents will approve of. Then you'll sit around with the rest of the upper crust kids and talk about how you went slummin' too.
Yes I do Will.
You know what I want to hear. I want to hear that you don't love me. If you tell me that then I'll leave you alone. I won't ask any questions and I won't be in your life.
Goodbye.
You trying to tell me how to run my own business.
Be glad to get my han' on some cotton. That's the kin' a pickin' I understan'.
Whatsa matter Ma. Gettin' scared.
Look at that ol' coffeepot steam.
Oh.
Sure but what is this.
But  but how we gonna eat.
Got a warrant.
How many of you.
Government.
Anything like work aroun' here.
Crate fell on me.
Try an' tell 'em Tom. They'll get two an' a half jus' the minute we're gone. An' you know what that is. That's one ton a peaches picked an' carried for a dollar. That way you can't even buy food enough to keep you alive. Tell 'em to come out with us Tom. Them peaches is *ripe*. Two days out an' they'll pay *all* of us five.
Women is always tar'd.
I ought to done it then  an' not come on any trip like this.
Save your strength lady. Get goin' buddy. No campin' here.
For three dollars a day that's what I'm doin' it for. I got two little kids. I got a wife and my wife's mother. Them people got to eat. Fust and on'y thing I got to think about is my own folks. What happens to other folks is their lookout.
Listen. That big nose of yours been goin' over me like a sheep in a vegetable patch. But I ain't keepin' it a secret. I been in the penitentiary. Been there four years. Like to know anything else.
Yes ma'am.
And I ain't gonna listen either. I tol' you what I'm gonna do. And I don't give a hoot in a hollow if they's oranges and grapes crowdin' a fella outa bed even I ain't a  goin' to California. This here's my country. I b'long *here*. It ain't no good  but it's mine.
I didn't bust out. They lemme out. Howya Noah. Howya Uncle John.
And can't nobody *make* me go either. Ain't nobody here *man* enough to make me. I'm a stayin'.
Got any plants.
Sure. We aim to.
Well can't nobody get through nine *months* without sorrow.
I know honey an' just as soon as we get settled Al's gonna set out an' look for him. How 'bout gas Tommy.
Look Ma.
Get some sugar too for the coffee.
You know I jus' can't remember when I felt so good before.
Okay Ma. I shouldn't though. I know I shouldn't. But okay.
It had to come I reckon soon or later.
I could hide you Tommy.
No Ma. Not that. That ain't it. But long as I'm a outlaw anyways maybe I can do sump'n. Maybe I can jus' fin' out sump'n. Jus' scrounge aroun' an' try to fin' out what it is that's wrong an then see if they ain't sump'n could be done about it. But I ain't thought it out clear Ma. I can't. I don't know enough.
I don't understan' it Tom.
This ain't a groc'ry store. We got bread to make san'widges with.
I shore would like to do that ma'am but the fack is we ain't got but a dime for it. It's all figgered out I mean  for the trip.
But it don't seem possible  kicked off like that.
I shore would like to stop here a while an' give her some res' but we on'y got 'bout forty dollars left. I won't feel right till we're there an' all workin' an' a little money comin' in.
But what about this.
Tom I jus' don't feel like nothin' a tall. Without him I jus' don't wanta live.
Ain't gonna be no trouble.
I sell biscuits and gravy all over the Southland  
Sometimes we sell them to McDonald's and just change them to special barbecue sauce.
I'm Martin Blank.
Really.
Yes.
Since you stood me up on prom night and vanished without saying a word.
Here is now there. There is here.
It's always the little things.
Seven it is.
What.
Like heroin.
Could be. The physical substance of love.
Yes.
Get the fuck outta here.
You never could have kept this from me.
I just know.
Why not. I trust you. You couldn't turn me in because of Doctor Patient privilege  and I don't want to be withholding  and I know where you live.
You know where I live.
Whole grain pancakes. And an egg  white omelette.
A little misunderstanding among my associates.
Don't listen to him he's a professional.
Nope.
I guess.
Why don't we just do his job then so we can do our job and get the fuck out of here.
And not show it to me. Ever again.
Intractable sir. You leave tonight.
Good. What else. Anything interesting.
I've looked at it.
Okay call them. Fine. Oh   And if you could find out why they double  booked the job and who is trying to kill me and call me back   that's be great.
Same thing that happened to you   I stopped poutin' there on the sidelines. Got in. Got on the team. I joined the working week you slick fucking asshole so why don't you valet park your high horse and take it easy on your old buddy Paul.
Fair enough.
How's that.
So what are you doing with your life now son.
Were you thinking of personally driving me back East.
Don't be so sure it's my last. There are a few people back home I'd like to put under a red hot iron.
You lived in Chicago.
If I can survive rush hour I figure I can handle grizzlies 
She did.
You haven't heard the question yet. Truth is you'd be doing me a favor. I got all these eager young colts need riding and poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of left out 
No ma'am I'm afraid that's extra.
Thanks.
Five years. My son was born here.
I won't ask you to.
I don't care. We'd be together.
Why.
Grace I put it on the table near your   
I think that's  very compassionate and  mature way of looking at it.
Mom.
You just want to get away from Daddy and you're using me to do it.
Did he tell you that.
That's not true.
It's  it's not that simple to explain. I know you think it is but it's not. The truth is I don't really know what I want to do. I don't have all the answers.
I can't remember the last time you made him dinner.
When. Tonight.
Lucy isn't you. We're losing something without you being here. Now I know this is a rough time for you but I think we should make another arrangement.
Oh. Right. I'll call him.
How's my pregnant chick.
They're still our friends Annie. It's nothing serious. You kid about them all the time  And I could tell Paul really appreciated me being there.
You want to do this by yourself. How. You can't take care of Pilgrim all the   
I can't say he's been all that effective with her.
She will if you think she should.
Taking forever. I just got an additional list of sixty two employees to interview before Monday. I don't know how I'm going to do it.
Good night.
Night.
Honey I hope you're not endangering your position. Listen if you need to come back and you want me to come take over for a while I'll work it out. I mean the firm's got other lawyers but the magazine's got only one of you.
You're allergic to hay.
Probably first thing in the morning. It's too late to start now. I'm going to try not to do too much driving in the dark.
Yeah what.
We have a business manager. The best around.
No. He had the choice.
Frank's a good man.
Annie I'm not good at this kind of talk goes round and round a thing but never comes to it so let's just say what it is. When you first came here I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom means a lot to me and this family. Don't go looking here for whatever you looking for. Don't make that man go through something it took him a long time to see his way clear out of the first time.
I don't think anybody can make Tom do anything he didn't want.
Yes but he's in a tremendous pain 
No thanks.
Not a question of if you can you are. Just keep your eyes on the road and your foot on the pedal and the rest will take care of yourself.
There's no hurry. Take you time.
It's more or less how it sounds. Sometimes it's not pretty to watch. Some horses fight it real hard. Your fella's already shown us he likes a good fight. So if you don't want to watch I'll call you when it's done.
No wait it just goes  he said he liked to do..
No I'm just not that hungry.
I want to see Pilgrim.
How long were you married.
About horses. I'd love to learn more about it myself. Do you offer any private lessons for riders.
Well  Dale  you know a lot of this stuff  it just  nuts and bolts.
Now that's cool.
It's not cool. It's commie bullshit.
Shh.
Was that her top.
I want it.
Look at this it's so lean and clean.
Yo everyone check this out. Hey what's the Da Vinci virus.
Stupid man. It's universally stupid.
Oh yeah you want a seriously righteous hack you score one of those Gibsons man. You know supercomputers they use to like do physics and look for oil and stuff.
You're both screwed. I help we can do it in six.
Wait a minute the fourteenth that's the same day the worm ends its run. I mean  Da Vinci virus didn't Phreak say that's what he was being charged with. Look  Infecting ballast programs of Ellingson tankers   they blame hackers.
Roger.
Nope. His mom said he's grounded for his next three lifetimes. He isn't to consort with his computer friends. The secret service is really out to get him. Hey there's a big party tonight you wanna go.
Yeah. Like Rigor Mortis Habeas Corpus.
Yeah mom.
I'm taking over a TV network.
You haven't been doing anything stupid right Dade. Right Dade..
Okay I gotta get back to work. I'm gonna be home late. And would you try and please fill these out.
I'm the one who understands you. Now can we be allies.
Think you can do better.
What.
Name your stakes.
Make it our first date.
And you have to smile.
Yeah.
Yeah well you know these Japanese management techniques. Could you uh read me the number on the modem.
It's a little boxy thing Norm with switches on it  lets my computer talk to the one there 
What's happening.
Joey Joey 
What. whatwhatwhat.
Dude dude dude I gotta talk to you a minute listen listen listen. I copied a garbage file from 
Precisely what you're paid to prevent.
I don't want to go to jail for this.
Jesus. You know you're sick Eugene. You 
Sh sh sh sh sh.
I disguised myself as an Alabama State Trooper and penetrated the FBI NCIC.
So.
Nonono thank YOU.
What number please.
A patient pickup and transfer to Smith's Grove.
When did you find this out.
Brady. Come with us.
Loomis it's over. Leave it alone.
How many people in the bus.
Haddonfield. It's a four hour drive. You can reach me through the local police. If you didn't find him in four hours I'm sure I will.
Sure ain't. Martians could land on Ben's doorstep all he'd do is spit once and get himself a shot gun.
No way. No how.
Come on Jamie lets go back to bed. Come on Sunday.
It's Halloween. I mean don't you want to get dresses up in a really scary costume and get some candy.
But I thought you didn't want to go trick or treating.
What.
Well try dammit.
Everybody's dead. I just wanna go home.
No.
Why.
All right.
I don't know.
The Corruther's house. That's where Jamie lives that's where he'll go.
Do you.
Maybe nobody knows how to stop him but I've got to try.
This is 132 over.
Isn't this all a little paranoid.
All right. Pierce do it. Lets check on this little girl.
Sure.
Old jerko got caught throwing eggs and soaping windows. His parents grounded him for the weekend. He can't come over tonight.
I wouldn't want to get you in deep trouble Lynda.
I have a place for that.
Totally 
Yeah.
Looks like to me you're just plain scared.
More fancy talk  You want to know what Haddonfield is. Families. Children all lined up in rows up and down these streets. You're telling me they're lined up for a slaughterhouse.
It's your own fault and I don't feel sorry for you.
But king Arthur was always your favorite.
Right.
DO WHAT I SAY. NOW.
It's the bogyman isn't it.
Well go tell her it's me okay.
He'll barely be able to sit up.
 because there are no interesting single men at this party.
Oh  
I mean I've looked everywhere.
Oh is that what it is.
It feels like you're in France.
I mean it's jammed. If we went  um 
Do you remember that summer in France. Hannah you had jet lag for six straight weeks.
And maybe my lawyer.
Oh no. Not at all.
I'm an architect.
Yes a little dizziness and I think I think I'm developing a hearing loss in my right ear..or my left ear my my left oh n n n no. No I'm sorry. It was my right my right my right or my left ear.
I told him about your work and he's very excited.
Now look you you you go on ahead.
Uh huh.
Oh Elliot.
What are you doing here.
Oh what in this section of town.
Yes I do.
No. No 
Uh yes.
Everything's okay.
Uh uh this is great. I mean I love e.e. cummings but I can't let you get this.
Well sure.
Well yeah yeah. You'd love it. It's really entertaining. You'd have a good time. I know you would.
Bye.
What are you doing..
I I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry. I have to talk to you for  There's so much that I want to tell you.
Not because of me I hope.
Tch w well for a million reasons.
Oh Elliot please. I can't be a party to this. I'm suddenly wracked with guilt just standing her talking to you on the street.
Is something wrong.
I care a great deal about him yes.
I know.
I I I know but there's got to be some give and take.
This is a toast. You know this beautiful Thanksgiving dinner was all 
How can we be happy.
How do you know.
Mmm what am I gonna do with you.
Yeah.
Based on what. You never even see him.
They're in the basement.
What are you going to use for money..
Stop accusing me.
Jesus Jesus.
Ron Ronny you know you do have to go on in twenty five minutes.
But there's nothing wrong with you.
Yes please.
I bumped into your 
I've been trying to talk to him about it. He says everything's fine but I don't know. Automatically you know I leap to the worst conclusions.
 a little uh hey. A little hug. What is this. Now how 'bout a little action from the kids.
Here you guys. Open them up.
You know he's been wanting a mitt.
Oh.
I want to experience childbirth.
Th th they they wanted me for a screen test.
Someday I'll pay it all back.
Tch. He's such an angry he's such a depressive. I thought she was moving out.
He's such a loser.
Here. Be careful with those.
Well I mean why not. You know wh what have I got to lose. Uh 
I know no   I know.
I'm not. I'm not. I'm trying to be helpful. A person doesn't just say one day Okay now now I'm finished as an actress. Now I'm a writer. I mean  
Hey Hannah I know I'm mediocre.
Can I can I not accept gestures and feelings from people. Do I do I put people off.
You make it sound like you know I have no needs or something. You think I'm too self sufficient.
I was so bored.
Yeah that's tough. You don't deserve Cole Porter. You should stay with those groups that look like they're gonna stab their mother.
Jesus  I'm glad Hannah got us together. You know she's got a great instinct for people. Really.
 and I thought I'd come in and and we could replay uh the whole uh 
Oh that's putting it mildly. We did everything but exchange gunshots.
Really.
Oh. Oh.
Oh I'm fine.
What what about your script. So what's it about.
Oh gosh you really think I can write.
I thought it was wonder   There's maybe one or two things in there that I would do differently myself but 
Well  I'll tell you. One day about a month ago 
Just a few minutes ago.
 which I did not get.
Yeah well what's your religion.
 you haven't <u>found</u> him yet.
I <u>swear</u> to you 
Would you mind saying that into your bag .
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
What have they got you doing.
I would have figured you an R.N. by now or maybe Med School.
 you 
 very good.
We could skip the Gavotte.
 aren't you afraid of me .
And have <u>you</u> found Peace 
You tol me you wuunt ask me again til I'm ready .
 they're sending me. Out to get Shot. Hounding me . they're 
What's new onna street.
Our operatives in Brazil have been empowered to offer a reward of .
I've never heard that he 
I  think  he was . he was <u>touched</u> by your reaction. To his appearance.
 .I hardly <u>think</u> so  after The Incident 
You said the <u>bad</u> news 
A fellow with five fingers.
Well then  I wouldn't want to be taken for a <u>hobbyist</u> 
Well well well well well she went <u>in</u> there to apprehend a Dangerous Felon. Went in there with her gun Came out <u>without</u> the Felon with<u>out</u> the gun 
Well then you have insufficient information. I'm grateful for this opportunity to set you straight.
Evone tells me: I shoulda been in fi six months ago . thizz my first checkup.
Well then you're a lucky girl cause that baby's gone to be your family I've got an appointment .
'bout time you <u>learned</u> 
Give it up.
You know it.
And what was the trip <u>before</u> .
And you have a new wedding ring on yours. <u>La Vita Nuova</u>.  
I saw a man in disheveled clothing but <u>clean</u>. Just dressed  in the middle of the 
I'm a historian. It is our task to assemble the seemingly unconnected into the obvious.
 your <u>scar</u> 
If such there breathe I'm sure you could <u>unearth</u> him  Your reputation does you honor.
Take mine. Ah. And is that your <u>wife</u>  Signora. Can it be that you are lovelier even than at our last encounter .
They <u>will</u> sir. We <u>train</u> them to the figurine <u>eventually</u> they consume a man say 80 kilos say in 
Well I don't want to starve them too long. They die.
Thank you. No I know you'd prefer I'm glad you <u>find</u> me so 
ARE YOU <u>DONE</u>.
You don't wish to <u>beg</u> .
Explain in depth the plan we have for him. Until tomorrow.
Well. <u>Excellent</u>  I'm 
Show'm the FBI <u>Hand</u>shake 
Saying what Look out for a guy with ten fingers .
They aren't expensive you got them through your connections . speaking of which:
Yes but the <u>important</u> thing as I've said 
 what did you want.
I'm sure I don't know who you mean.
It is a gravestone in the cemetery of ______ in my native Florence.
 .this is perhaps an inappropriate <u>time</u>  but I would like to say it is an honor to meet the Woman who <u>solved</u> the celebrated Hannibal Lechter 
Thirty thousand dollars reward. In the whereabouts of Il Dottore Fanelli or the apprehension of his 
Then tell me.
 .that's right.
For approval.
 you <u>are</u> an orphan.
And you've decided to get <u>married</u>. You've decided a <u>lot</u> of things. But in spite of your decisions  you are still nagged by feelings of: <u>despair</u> of <u>failure</u> of  you still have the <u>nightmare</u> you 
Adam. Dollface. We had a physical relationship that served a purpose and now 
Stop it stop it you satanic whore.
Well uh Promise me you won't do anything until you're 18.
She's still pissed at me and took it out on you. We should have taken it slower. It's hard to operate in the woods. Much easier in like a club. Tell the girl you've got to go do something leave her view take way too long until she is worried that you're not coming back. Just as she starts feeling awful you come up from behind and touch her neck 
Sure Wichita. Whatever you say 
I think your passion is terrific.
I know what you mean. But it doesn't put me in too great a position 
Don't worry you 
Probably.
Betty Finn. Gosh ..
Let's do it on the coats. It'll be excellent.
Because you're an idiot.
Never say never.
Heather. Wha 
What are you doing here..
Maybe when you hit maturity you'll understand the diff between a Remington University man like David and a Westerburg boy like Ram Wham bam  thank you maam Sweeney.
God I'm so sure. Don't blame me blame Heather. She told me to haul your ass into the caf pronto. Back me up Heather.
Hea<u>ther</u> I've got something going with J.D.
Really. That thing in the caf today was pretty severe.
The extreme always makes an impression but you're right it was severe. Did you say a Cherry or Coke Slurpee.
Then let's just concoct ourselves a little hangover cure that'll induce her to spew red white and blue.
Chick en.
That's good. Have you done this before.
You can't be serious. Hey listen my Bonnie and Clyde days are over.
Incredible similarity.
Neat. Let's try it out on J.F.K.
Uh well hey let's take a look at the homosexual artifacts I dug up. Now prepare to be a little disappointed.
You must have had fun.
How do you think Mr. Kelly would react to a son with a limp wrist with a pulse.
Just push the red button twice. That's what stops it. If that's what you want babe.
I guess.
Superb.
That's three things.
It's all yours Heather. Now if you'll excuse me I'm going to go throw up.
Sure. Ciao.
Is that a fact. You'd better put me name down for an advance copy.
whips off her pinny as HERBERT leads Juliet into the dining room.
Is it hurting dear.
I've just had Hilda Hulme on the phone.
She says Juliet's in a terrible state
I just want to be on my own for a while.
starts to cut up a slice of bacon and offers it to Pauline.
Do you think Juliet could stay here while her parents are away.
grabs Pauline by the shoulders.
It's a letter from the school from Miss Stewart.
Who cares.
I care your father cares we want you to have a good education.
Love you can still write to each other.
looks startled at the outburst.
We don't want to tire you out dear.
Thank you. I bought it especially Mrs. Rieper.
I put on a lot of weight over Christmas.
Saint Mario.
Please. Heart attack. That was easy street.
Dude there is a track on the carpet between here and the bathroom. It was made by your ass. You've been dragging it all fucking week. What happened to you yesterday.
Hospital. You haven't been to the hospital since uh 
Since what.
Someone special.
I saw her drowning inside the car detective.
No making another woman compete with someone who's been dead eight months. That's cold.
But  I thought 
I'm  I'm doing a very special thing here. And you can't even.. respond.
Where's my wife.
I did read that yes. What hospital were you going to. I mean the Lodovico Street Bridge isn't exactly on the way to Mercy General.
Pardon my glibness Trevor but you sound like a raving lunatic. The next time you seek counsel it should be of the psychiatric type. You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse.
Two.
This game is over do you hear me.
I hear everything. And soon you will know everything. More than you ever wanted I can guarantee that. But I want you to think for a minute first. Think about all you've seen. All the clues you've been given.
I was going to say dimensions. But I guess technically they are dreams.
God. Sometimes you can be such an animal. Other times you are the ultimate tease 
Come on quit fucking around. Listen it's about  what we did together last night.
LaPlante.
What am I a goddamn postman. I'm way the fuck up here I'm scared a heights and you want me to deliver a letter. Put a stamp on it for Chrissake.
Allen. He  he's okay.
And give a deposition to the jUdge.
I  I'll do the best I can Bernie.
Bail for Chrissake. I'm innocent.
We can hope. You still have your job right.
Are you pretty involved in his upbringing.
I think you should visit your son. And try and get your boss to write a note about your performance on the job. You need to create the impression of a responsible decent citizen with familial responsibilities who happened to slip up once.
Twenty five grand is peanuts. All you gotta do is get me outta here long enough to collect.
Business thing. Gimme a seven and seven willya.
You got a ten year old attorney Bernie.
We're all assholes Bernie.
Yeah like that. Same thing.
Well  I mean  what am I supposed to say here Bern. Is this a riddle or what.
Elliot. The heroic goddamn fireman.
In all that smoke and fire John had a moment of weakness. He'd been down and out destitute living in his car. It was just an impulse stealing my purse.
All the adulation. It makes you feel like a fake doesn't it.
John I'm sure she could support just about anything. I think I'll see you to your room. A sort of bodyguard. Make sure no harm comes to you.
Gale  you're a very nice person. I wouldn't want to hurt you  in any way 
Read it. It'll be fine.
That's not what I mean 
John I know all about it.
This sofa is a lethal weapon. The springs  are  the springs  what .
This guy LaPlante won an award.
Because he was a <u>real</u> hero Chucky. He was acting out of a deep instinctive decency not out of some ego thing. He didn't expect the media to lionize him. He didn't expect a million dollar reward. He saved fifty four people because something inside him some fundamental love for his fellow man made him rush into that plane when good sense told him otherwise. He was willing to settle for some credit cards he sold to LaPlante . For how much LaPlante. A couple of bucks. Did you give him enough for a decent meal.
The story behind the story the ugly scandal behind the falling millionaire the dirt you mean.
I  I saw him out the window.
Dad.
Reporters  have to  rise above their hormones.
What about.
I didn't ask him.
Who.
How are they with kids.
They're really white.
Yeah since I was a kid. I had a woodwork class once when I was  in school that time. Then I learned a lot more when I was in the   
I am. I'm really feeling pretty good. I have a much stronger sense of how far I've come.
Well we talked about the whole disapproval thing.
I understand that.
I <u>know</u>. I just feel that the relationship has reached that delicate stage where the slightest little thing could wreck the careful groundwork I've laid up till now.
Isn't that always the way.
I bet. Going into people's homes.
I think we got it just in time before the ink dried.
Whew.
What.
   And keep my kids away from his property who the hell does he think he is. Some nice neighborhood.
There's no card or anything.
Neil's still having a bad time at school. I feel terrible seeing him so upset all the time.
I think you should feel like dancing at a time like this.
I'm <u>fired</u>. I'm unemployed. Is that your idea of negotiating from a position of strength. Clearly any potential employers have been warned to back off.
Honey I'm a zombie I don't know whether I'm coming or going.
Isn't it.
No.
Neil goddamn it you're not five years old.
Right over here.
Talk to me about what.
This ties in with Nash.
No. I don't scare easy.
No.
He doesn't look familiar but then he'd probably be easier to identity with his head.
The days of magic are ending. The world is changing.
What.
Are you always this pleasant. You know what you're problem is.
Yes.
I do not know. I pray that I shall never have to raise my sword against one that I call friend.
France.
Different places.
Because it's for the best. There are somethings that are better left unexplained.
Huge.
I don't think so but then maybe you've can guess how a guy with a sword could rob the First national Bank this afternoon and get shot six times in the chest by the guard and still get up and walk out.
Then who's Russell Nash.
You remind me of someone I used to know.
New York is dangerous place.
You look like you have.
Why. Because I don't give up all my secrets.
How did you know that.
Conner.
What's that next to him.
That's what the Kurgan said.
And I you. Go now. Let me walk to heavens door alone.
Fine.
Good afternoon .. Shirley.
Would you like to deposit this in your account.
That would be the girl who opened the door. Are the others inside.
The cell phone is registered to a jewelry store in Beverly Hills. The phone company shows no unusual   
You think we should take that chance.
I guess not.
I have contacts in Los Angeles. Lawyers and judges who can help you.
Bullshit.
But if you stay in this house I can promise you this   
You can't imagine the fucking you're going to get.
Stop it. They found the truck Kev. They're already behind us.
Bullshit. Why would Mars do that.
That's crazy Dennis. The cops will see us.
We're fucked until we think of a way out; then we're rich.
We'll burn this fuckin' place down. I got gasoline all over in here.
What.
There's a million dollars in there maybe <u>two</u> million. I'll give you half.
Use more ice.
Find something Kevin. Don't just stand there. And tie this bastard too. I don't want him waking up and goin' Rambo on us.
We have to own this guy Marion. We don't want him dead; we need to use him.
Give me an ETA.
I don't know how long I'll be stuck here.
I'm in no rush. Maybe later we can talk.
I'm not gonna leave you.
Yes.
They might be at the house. Keep trying and let me know. I'm going to be here a little while longer.
I'm looking for you. I need your tactical unit.
Contact the landlord. I want to know employment friends family anything we can find out about this guy.
What's my name.
Dennis hit him. His head's all big and he won't wake up. I'm really scared.
If I try to climb out they'll see me on the security cameras. They would see you outside too   
I think he was working on them today so they're probably in his office. Could you find them and see who they belong to.
You want Marlon and Al.
These disks where are they.
My people are good to go. You know who I mean.
Cockroaches.
We are looking for you.
No. I work at the Mille Collines.
Of course.
There is nothing to it.
I don't have it here. At the Mille Collines. I can get it for you.
Yes we have.
Yes sir but these people they cannot stay here. I've heard you have a refugee center at the airport Stadium.
Watch everything. How. They are gone.
The high command. Our high command.
'Snatch them up and put on a war crimes trial. Lock them all away forever. No political risk and big publicity.' That's what he said. I thought I'd better tell you.
No. We have no way of finding other stock but I have money for you from the guests.
Bring back your policemen 
Your police are at the gate.
I will do nothing unless you help me now.
Great. No kidding When will they be here. Excellent. Yes call then.
The fog is too heavy sir.
This goes out live.
Why sir.
Rusesabagina. Paul Rusesabagina.
Our cards please.
No no. This is a very dangerous part of town. I cannot do this.
Of course.
They came through the bushes over the wall. What could I do.
Stay with the children.
We have been abandoned.
I don't know. Colonel Oliver says the UN has three hundred soldiers for the whole country. Black soldiers Pakistanis.
Your card says Hutu. Take our children go and get the twins pay money at the roadblocks. Get them out. Please.
To be closer. So that I could marry you.
I want to know.
I'll try but we have to leave with or without them. I want you to promise.
We wait until 7:00. If he is not here with the twins he is not coming. We leave. That was your promise. Go help the children.
You are with me Zozo don't worry.
Many beers.
It's true sir the water has been turned off.
Please papa I have a secret path.
Who is this Simon.
Not too big on it myself but then again not on marriage either.
   there's already been way too many complications for a very simple plan. You ever find out what happened to Melissa Marr.
Oh dear.
You'll never know 'til you walk through that door.
It's not going to let us out.
Maybe there are notes or drawings of this place showing how those plates work.
It'll have to do.
Run.
I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's ever said those words to anything with genitalia.
I'm not laughing Steven.
You tell me. I don't know how you managed to hack into my Mac but: bravo.
You're hurting me.
Only one way I can think of Sweetheart.
Question answered.
   just what you wanted everyone here to believe in the first place: I'm going to murder you Evelyn with the greatest of pleasure   
Not the plates: the House. Why is no one listening to me.. It's alive. And once it's made up its mind it won't let anything out.
   no more   
Rewind that.
Then who did..
Believe me we need to.
Melissa .
   something horrible I don't understand   
I don't understand.
The knife destroys the evil and saves the soul of the possessed.
I'm ok mommy.
Daddy please 
Oh come on 
What about keeping an open mind.
What's happening.
I'm all right 
Well thank you for the offer But I really have to go.
Hopefully the whole sad chapter is over. And everyone including your family will find peace. WILL I just want to thank all of you for everything you've done for us.
So what does that have to do with Aubrey. Where is she.
It can't hurt you if you're not afraid Aubrey. Think about us. We're here for you we love you 
I see some faint lettering. It appears to be the Runic alphabet.
What.
I know what I saw.
You wanted a story. You got it. Turn on the TV now. And then get your ass down here .
The Box Joey. He wants the Box.
God no. Nothing like that. No he died before I was born. He died in Vietnam. I never knew him. Never met him. We don't even know the details. I dream of battlefields. Of searching. Of trying to find out.
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. And it was lying next to him. And he pointed at it before he passed out and..
Maybe he thinks it'll come back.
Sure. Why.
What did you see. The same as I. Appetite sated. Desire indulged. You saw the working of the world in miniature.
Yes.
Not quite.
I miss you too.
No. But as you can see I'm having some work done on it. You found a real treasure for me Terri. I hope I can show you how grateful I am.
Yeah.. yeah it looks different.
A girl. Anyone I should know.
Something like that.
Well forget about it. Hawk and I are going to Rio. We're hurt we're tired and a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich. Right buddy .
Hudson God's given you a gift for cat burglary you can t just 
I laughed I cried.
Gum.
Don't wet your diapers. I'll have to change them. Witchcraft. What's the running time.
Hey you promised  Don't worry I'm wearing my girdle.
And though he's slippery he still gets caught.
What am I doing here. There are so many things I wanna do that aren't this. Paint a lighthouse. Kiss a woman in Italy.
Damn travel agency. That Kremlin thing is in Moscow isn't it.
Geez this Art Treasures Room looks like a burnt diaphragm.
Let's just forget it I mean 
Get em .
As for our plan of action anybody'd be insane to go in from the ground floor 
Snickers baby I love you like a brother but really who cares. Silencer bomb 
You're supposed to be dead.
Attempt you mean. The vanity of this man Hudson Hawk. The Vatican has foiled the advances of Pirates and Terrorists. We will not lie down for some schmuck from New Jersey. Must you flirt with him so realistically.
I betrayed a man. A good man. An innocent man. A thief.
Sorry. Seventeen Hail Marys and five minutes outside.
Uh .old badminton injury.
It's also been a long time for me. I  
Somebody robbed the Vatican.
Does everyone in the world know more than me. Jesus I'm just some guy who happens to be good at swiping stuff ..Lifted a piece of licorice when I was one and a half. Who knew it would lead  They even got the CIA involved.
And you Dr. Cappucino you're lucky I don't hit women assuming you are a woman. I'm not taking anything for granted anymore.
Oh Hudson I'm a sister of the Catholic church as well as an agent.
Actually he never told us what it was.
Listen Hawk this might be hard to believe but I'm a regular joe. I just want to be happy and happiness comes from the achieving of goals. It's just when you make your first billion by the age of 19 it's hard to keep coming up with new ones. But now finally I got my new goal. World domination. With your help Bunny .quit that.
Surely a master thief like you can tell the difference.
Market crashes. Bomb drops. Greenhouse effect affects. We'll still be the richest most powerful people in the world. In 1992 Europe is coming together to become one business superpower. It's one party we'd love to poop.
You want an address on that last one.
For God's sake chain this convict.
Just browsing. Don't touch me .
It'll take a couple of years of steady production but I'll flood the market with so much gold that gold itself the foundation of all finance will lose its meaning. Brokers economists and fellow entrepreneurs will drown in the saliva of their own nervous breakdowns. Markets will crash  crash. Financial Empires will crumble crumble.
Tonight. You're whacked. The timing's off I'm underequipped Damnit I have a date.
Shucks. Guess not.
If you do anything to my friend 
They may be scum but if I get the Da Vinci model back then we'll be roasting weenies on the beach.
The Shazzammeter.
So if you know everything about Hudsucker tell me why the Board decided to make Norville Barnes president.
Why you don't even know y'own self you ain't exactly the genuine article are you Miss Archuh.
I know they're gonna buy that stock   
Mind if I join you.
Please. Norville.
 Well you know me Amy at least better than that that dame does. Do you think I'm an imbecile.
I'm sure I   
Oh sure you're biased you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this.
Yeah you know probably one of these fast talking career gals thinks she's one of the boys. Probably is one of the boys if you know what I mean.
Exactly. And I bet she's ugly. Real ugly. Otherwise why wouldn't they print her picture next to her byline.
Oh I don't blame them really. I guess I have sort of made a mess of things. These folks have to protect their investment. Most of them are very nice people   
Oh yes. In Muncie.
Yes you can get carrot juice or Italian coffee and the people there well none of them quite fit in. You'd love it why don't you come there with me they're having a marathon poetry reading on New Year's Eve. I go every year.
Well the Hindus say and the beatniks also that in the next life some of us will come back as ants. Some will be butterflies. Others will be elephants or creatures of the sea.
Never mind about that 
Amy take a break. You've worked hard on this story heck you broke it for us. But it's passed you by and Smith here has taken up the slack.
Terrific.
Ya know entry level.
Geez I'm sorry buddy   
But he told me you stole that swell hoop idea from me. What gives.
But Buzz   
Anyway. Any particular reason you didn't give him my Blue Letter. I mean Jesus Norman just a dying man's last words and wishes no big deal.
'Many years uh  I know that you will be wondering why I have decided to move on ending my tenure at Hudsucker and here on Earth. You will be thinking Why now when things are going so well. Granted from the standpoint of our balance sheet and financials sure sure we're doing fine. However Sid. These things have long since ceased to give me pleasure. I look at myself now and no longer see the idealistic young man who started this company. Now I see only an empty shell whom others call a 'success.' How has this come to pass. When and why did I trade all of my hopes dreams and aspirations for the emptiness of power and wealth. What the heck have I done.
Hmmm.
Sir my leg is on fire.
Thank you Sid but the reason I mention it is it would require such a small capital investment again you're the expert here   
He notices.
At the Houmfort.
They even cure nonsense Miss Betsy. Mama Rose was mindless. I was at the Houmfort when the Houngan brought her mind back.
Are you trying to tell me that the Houngan the voodoo priest could cure Mrs. Holland.
Ti Misery. What's that.
I'm afraid so.
Nonsense child. I know Wesley's been drinking too much lately. I know a great deal more about what goes on at Fort Holland than you'd think. I know all about you that you're a nice girl competent and kind to Jessica. The Fort needs a girl like you. But now we've got to get you back there. I'll walk you back and stay over night. It'll be a nice change for me.
Try it you may have more influence than you think.
You've never said anything about voodoo before Mrs. Rand.
Haven't I. I suppose I take it for granted. It's just part of everyday life here.
You don't believe in it.
Wait. Don't draw any conclusions. Let me explain.
But you didn't have to come up here.
Is this disease common in the tropics.
I would have stayed anyway Dr. Maxwell.
I don't know. He spoke to me last night on the boat. I liked him very much.
It must be hard work entertaining me if it requires six ounces of rum.
Why. Everybody else knows it. Paul saw to that. Sometimes I think he planned the whole thing from the beginning just to watch me squirm.
Of course Wes.
No thank you. Tomorrow's time enough for you to begin work.
If I were as timid as you seem to think Mr. Holland I wouldn't have gone into the tower in the first place.
Of course not.
Still I feel you should remove the decanter. Wes is not an alcoholic yet Mr. Holland. But as a nurse I can tell you that it won't be long before he is.
I'm afraid it's not very frightening. They have their songs and dances and carry on and finally as I understand it one of the gods comes down and speaks through one of the people.
I don't know. I wanted to help you. And now that I'm here I don't know how.
Don't Paul don't doubt yourself don't make me doubt you.
You want that.
It's more than that Doctor. I've entered into their ceremonies   pretended to be possessed by their gods 
Paul we're not trying to blame Miss Connell. It isn't a question of blame. It's a question of what we are to do with Jessica. The commissioner is very concerned.
Of the nature of Mrs. Holland's illness. And of course the events which led up to it.
Because he drove Jessica insane deliberately coldly.
That night I went to the Houmfort. I kept seeing Jessica's face smiling smiling because two men hated each other because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart. The drums seemed to be beating in my head. The chanting the lights everything blurred together. And then I heard a voice speaking in a sudden silence. My voice. I was possessed. I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie.
Brilliant. Hey you heading out a little early today.
Well hey isn't that a one in a million coincidence. A real dreamer Jim Williams eh.
Darned right. Look here Benj whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather. You think it's gonna work.
And as usual no one believed me 
Ben maybe no talking right now. If you start talking you're going to  
Leave it I'll wash it for you.
Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that.
Yeah that one.
I know I know. I had no idea   
Elena.
I'm fine dad.
Stay out of trouble.
Ben  
Gotcha.
In a bit.
Right. Gotcha.
Don't bullshit me around Janey. Jesus Christ I waited around for more than half an hour in nothing but my boxer shorts and and what's all that about. What the hell happened.
Jesus all right enough.
Advice. I'm supposed to be getting the stock tips from you Ben. Unless   have you quit your job. They fired you.
   What advice. You never   
A key party.
What the hey. Let's go for a drive.
Maybe you just need look can you wait here a sec I need to tidy up just a minute I'll be right back. You'll wait.
Mikey Williams.
We've been through this Wendy James Taylor was actually at that clinic up near Boston.
How'd you know.
That I will indeed.
Yeah Paul are you gonna get home okay.
Just be careful.
Tonight. Jim he's been out of it since he was born.
Would it matter. And what's that.
Hah hah you're funny. A bath. Like a brother and sister. Oh man I'm so wasted.
It's beyond mere physical attraction.
Tell Sandy. What.
Yeah. Yours.
Maybe. Can't really tell yet.
Greetings Charles.
Is this Charles.
They were old. And they couldn't fly anyhow. I'm going to get a radio controlled airplane at Christmas and then I'll stuff it full of m 80s and then fly it into Mrs. Burgess's English class and blow it up.
No.
Don't worry about them. They're at that party getting drunk and falling all over each other and making jokes about McGovern and stuff.
Vodka.
Okay.
That's all for now.
What's that then.
Twelve years younger.
That must have been awful for you.
I don't remember.
Why.
Right. Got lost in the rocks.
No fibers skin flakes hairs 
Around twelve thirty.
Mrs. Connell found this copy in the house. It's signed. Personally.
So.
This is a local writer. Kay had all his books. I think we should check it out.
That boyfriend. Randy.
Will.
Me and Hap. A year and a half ago. I knew the second I met Dobbs that he was guilty. Smug cold. Dead eyes. We had circumstantial evidence but nothing to tie him to it. Nothing concrete. Went over every inch of that apartment.
What kind of stuff.
Ran like hell to go to him 
Best friend.
Who was Kay seeing besides Randy Stetz.
What was it.
Doesn't sound like a mentor to me.
Then so was mine 
If you want it to be 
Procedure went out the window a long time ago.
Yes and very beautiful.
But how did you come into existence.
Perhaps 
We want no quarrel with him.
But you asked the wrong questions. Do you know how few vampires have the stamina for immortality. How quickly they perish of their own will.
You can't believe I'd leave without her. Armand. You must save her. You have no choice.
Louis I swear I did not.
Yes cherie of course you want more. And I'll show you how to get it. You drink from morals my beauty but from me. Never again.
And it means something else too doesn't it. I shall never ever grow up.
What danger.
Your evil is that you cannot be evil. And I will suffer for it no longer.
Yet you could do it to me. Snatching me from my mother's hands like two monsters in a fairy tale. Couldn't you have waited. Six more years and I would have had that shape. And now you weep. You haven't tears enough for what you've done to me.
But if she dies 
It's only mortal death.
Give it to me 
Your perfect. Your bitter and you're strong.
Because you're as strong as I was when I was alive.
You asked for death. I didn't promise it  
Give it time. You're like a man who loses a limb and still imagines he feels pain. It will pass. And we must sleep now. I can feel the sun approaching.
Do you think so.
I can't.
I learnt absolutely nothing. I wasn't give a choice remember.
I respect life don't you see. For each and every human life I have respect.
I'm not interested in you. You disgust me. I'm interested in my own nature and know I can't trust you to tell me the truth about me.
NO 
Oh God Lestat. I felt peace. I felt an end to the craving.
I didn't want to kill her.
Don't try to speak  it's alright 
I can't bear it Louis. The machines out there that fly and that roar. And such lights. They make the night brighter than the day.
Yes. I remember 
Yes 
And you know what you ask for.
A child who can't die 
Idiot. Idiot. Idiot.
No. When I put these skinny pants on my body Now that's heart attack time.
Listen to me Julie. Ray's a great guy nothing against old Ray but he's so Ray. I mean he lives in Southport. Will's a nice guy too and he lives right down the street.
Ray come on. I want us to be together.
Then don't.
No this is the safe sun. It's better than a day at the beach.
No you don't have to be sorry. I'm the one   
What.
You can toss a shoe at me if it gets out of hand.
Julie you said you were tired. Waybe you were dreaming.
We had a connection didn't we. I can tell you one thing though. Ray didn't trust me. He was right. He's dead but he was right.
Hey   
I don't know but I'm starving.
Planter's Punch Singapore Sling or how about a Mai Tai.
They're all dead Dead I tell you. Ahhhh we're all deaaaddddd. Tyrellll joinnnn usss.
What is up with that weirdo.
He's dead. I want the General to see him.
He won't even know you're there. He is delirious.
Did your servant got word to Dr. Drossos.
I think not.
Poor Cathy   
When I close my eyes I see Miss Wollsten. I can't think of anything else.
It was the plague
Mr. Davis seems a good prospect ——young handsome sympathetic ready to listen to you and feel sorry for you 
) But Thea She stands in your way. I know you. I know your little hints —— the way you can turn the truth into a lie   
You will not say one single word. I know your secret.
You wouldn't tell that ——
Because he was a brave man   because I liked him I came here to be sure.
Her family name.
But the war the army —— they need you.
And I'm your friend —— but that doesn't explain why you are always trying to come between Thea and me.
That's ridiculous Thea's lovely gentle — 
When you make sense I'll listen.
Well you're begging and that's a whole lot worse.
All I'm asking is thirty days more
Bert. Thank heaven you're here.
Well I did didn't I. You didn't go through with it did you.
Oh tut tut tut.
Well I had a car and it was right here. I guess somebody moved it.
Don't you understand George. It's because you were not born.
Yes George.
Where's Mary.
If you know where she is tell me where my wife is.
If you're going to help a man you want to know something about him don't you.
Not a soul.
Well wait and see.
Yes but George
Splendid. Is he sick.
No worse. He's discouraged. At exactly ten forty five PM tonight Earth time that man will be thinking seriously of throwing away God's greatest gift.
I know that girl.
Okay. Three twenty Sycamore.
Looks like we'll have to send someone down –– a lot of people are asking for help for a man named George Bailey.
Get over what. I don't take in strangers unless they're sent here by somebody I know.
Well what happened to you.
It will.
Hee haw.
The last time he come in here. You hear that Nick.
No.
Anything I can do back here.
Ummmm
No no Martini. Your boss. Where is he.
Oh
I thought when we put him on the Board of Directors he'd ease up on us a little bit.
I wonder what's eating that old money grubbing buzzard anyway.
Maybe you were born older George.
Couldn't want a better death. Lots of pretty girls and we're going to use that new floor of yours tonight too.
Hello Violet. Hey you look good. That's some dress you got on there.
Oh I'll probably end up down at the library.
This way.
Well what about the Building and Loan.
I don't like coconuts.
Uh huh.
In that place.
Well not just one wish. A whole hatful Mary. I know what I'm going to do tomorrow and the next day and the next year and the year after that. I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet and I'm going to see the world. Italy Greece the Parthenon the Colosseum. Then I'm coming back here and go to college and see what they know and then I'm going to build things. I'm gonna build air fields. I'm gonna build skyscrapers a hundred stories high. I'm gonna build bridges a mile long
I didn't tell anybody. I just went for a walk and happened to be passing by
Yes I called him right away. He says it's nothing to worry about.
You have no idea what happened
Oh Mom –– I'm chairman of the eats committee and we only need a couple of dozen.
Well I don't know .
Sean. Listen. Listen to me Sean.
Aren't you off duty.
If you had a $100000 boat there'd be an investigation.
Nine thirty ten maybe.
About an hour maybe two. Let's see I came on about eight .
Please. It's my job.
Sailing.
Sean's still out there.
All of us thank you okay.
The what.
But that's what we're here to find out right.
Is there one in these waters.
Why.
Home it is.
Mrs. Silvera.
Because I'm in the middle of a boating accident I got only four regular cops and one secretary and a Chief Deputy who is constantly fiddling with the police boat  He's another one.
Oh. Want to talk about it.
He wanted a job he's got one. I want to see that boat out of the water by tomorrow night.
That's great.
Showed them the photo showed them the goddamn Shark big as life. They didn't see it. Not like me. Not like the poor son of a bitch who snapped this li'l picture He's out there somewhere  I shot off my gun shot off my big mouth so they fired me .
Honey this is nothing I don't know what it is. What did they .
Larry I don't know how to say this but I think we got a shark problem. A real one.
Please Larry there's good reason. Those water skiers .
That's it. Just do it all right.
Brody. This is Patrol Base.
Did he raise the Kids.
Last transmission said ten juve  niles.
Shh. Shhh .
Nope.
The tide's running. It'll take us to the light.
Anything. Anything.
What the hell is it.
I'm not sure I can.
Maybe you and Brooke could come over to the town beach .
Good. I'll be on the dock at eight. Eight o'clock everybody.
What about me.
Eat Cheerios.
No one's ever caught a Great White except indirectly in fishing nets. I want to dart it and keep it alive.
Okay bye.
I don't know. I can't understand it. Something's bothering them.
Look Michael  you don't have to come.
I don't have a choice.
Oh yeah. Very.
Nothing.
Michael the sub's dead.
  Me too.
Get some sleep. And tell Sean I'm sorry.
I don't want to see them Kathryn.
  He ought to put him in here.
Well that's why you got it.
Yes you can.
It's a shark's tooth.
But you   
On the telly. We're to film him for the evening news.
No no. That won't do.
Calvin let me go down there and kill the bastard.
Well then I'm going to film it.
Before you were ready to feed this shark a hand grenade. Now you're helping to nurse it back to life.
Believe me I am.
Not good enough.
Sure am.
Did you see me.. Wasn't I terrific.
Taking my boyfriend to the airport.
What.
Hey.
Yeah well I didn't.
Well we're not going to hurt it old boy. I say love is Flipper ready to go.
So where you go off to Hutton. Some expedition in New Guinea or Outer Mongolia.
It's not closing Mike.
Okay okay  We'll get someone on it.
Right Mike.
Yeah we'll find something for you. Shoveling shark shit or something.
Great. I got one B two C's and eight incompletes.
Who's grown up.
Something wrong.
Sure.
He told me you both did .
We need beer .
My brain is shrinking. There's only so much room.
Off .
I've always wanted to make love to an angry welder. I've dreamed of nothing else since I was a small boy.
I always thought when I grew up I'd know what to do about things like this I don't even know if he's serious .
He heard that.
I'm still five .
You're damn right I'm serious .
Mom please don't start that again .
I'm not going to quit now .
You're not a pain in the ass .
You just got here .
I'll wear my rubbers I'll be careful..I'll be .
You must get bored easily.
Sometimes talking to a stranger is easier .
I can't .
No one does till they learn .
You're doing fine. I'll keep you out of trouble. Relax .
You're not going to tell me are you.
The kind with an umbrella in it .
Give it up  Kick it in the ass  Get on with your life .
You're always taking time off .
What.
Only if he finds out  It's a short hop to the Caribbean. We could take a few days .
I have coffee in the thermos.
A shark attacked Thea and some kids She's going after it .
You got a better idea .
They spend half their lives looking for food and the other half eating it  They don't care what it is .
Any faster and it'll turn into a flying Cuisinart and dice us into oblivion .
Tell Thea I'm sorry .
Would you talk to her. She's got it in her head that the shark came for him. She still blames it for my father's death .
You too Michael .
Try the area around the wreck .
I'm separating the ladies from the gentlemen .
We'll pass around cigars .
Shouldn't pick on that. Sorry. I'm sorry about your brother .
Oh it's okay for you but not for me .
Okay..we're done man .
How long has he been here .
I don't remember. One day he was just here .
I don't like it .
I live to hear the sound You all right.
What about the monitor . You getting anything on the shark.
How come only me.
Funny Jake Funny.
Theory partner If it responds to external electrical impulse it might respond to one coming from inside it Confuse it Drive it away .
My equipment doesn't crap out .
Jake.
We're out of decaf We're out of petty cash And we're out of requisition forms .
Cow tipping.
Oh no. I wouldn't go..
The van.
We only got one. He doesn't drive.
Not too good in daylight.
<u>What</u>. She's <u>blind</u> Bro. You may as well ask one of these Beethoven guys on the piano.
They possibly did   but they nev  er had a head so they never had a bullet   and they never got an I.D.   not on any of em   never bust a homicide unless you know who your victim is   we're the first to get a positive identity.
Sure.
I'm asking it.
Hey John don't start getting antsy over this tonight. It may well have been the local cops.
This cop that's calling thinks she gonna be there over Christmas.
Yeah that's all very inter  esting but where's the body.
I'm not telling you what to do. What I will say is <u>right</u> <u>now</u> that child's tricycle there is more important to me than this.
You ain't talking to no one till you calm down.
I am calm. <u>I am calm</u>.
Alright I gave him the case.. So the case is closed so what.
Don't you know nothing about this guy. He <u>reads</u> the newspapers. Col  lects the cuttings. When are they gonna find her. Now he's reading Helena Robertson's name phrased like she's a fucking witness. You couldn't have done anything more stupid if you'd sat down & tried.
I've heard you call him Freddy.
As she's a member of my staff may I ask what this is about.
Well apparently she saw Amber the weekend she left & was briefly in the room with the guy she left with.
What kind of friend. Was he a boy friend. An old friend. New friend.
Lotta scratch marks on your door.
Hamlet. Have you read it.
Thoughts that lie too deep for tears.
I know.
I don't think so. He said the police had been calling. want  ed to ask me some more questions.
I don't want them to arrest you.
It's not as bad as it sounds. They can't refuse me bail. Raise bail of my own cognizance & find the best damned lawyer there is.
I been told to take your car in Sir.
Yes Sir.
You find something curious in that.
Two or three years ago.
What does that mean.
Sure you can. Anyway parties are all about standing still.
Don't mix very well with beer.
Freddy's new obsession.
He's not that bad of a guy..
Got a handshake like a partially excited penis.
Sooner  or later  I'll have to stop.
Okay this is working.
I'm not trying to make history. _ 67.
Talking and saying nothing man it's an art I have not mastered.
Hmm. Pretty good.
Jesus it's a real gash isn't it.
Good idea. Thank you.
Mission  statement 
Good evening.
You walked out on a job for me and I won't ruin that.
Same to you.
Easy easy   
And I appreciate that impulse.
No no. Don't do that. Don't say that if you don't 
Oh please. My need to make the best of things and your need to be what responsible  if one of us doesn't say something now we might lose ten years being polite about it. Why don't we call this next road trip what it is. A nice long break.
Dotty this is not guy.. This is a syndrome. It's called Early Midlife About To Marry Hanging Onto The Bottom Rung Dear  God Don't Let Me Be Alone I'll  Call My Newly Long suffering  Assistant Without Medical For  Company Syndrome. And if knowing all that you still allow him to come over more power to you.
Thank you.
Oh knock it off. _ 89.
   well Rod your agent passed me a note before the show. He says that your deal memo has been signed by the Arizona Cardinals. Four years for ten point two million dollars. Playing in the state where you grew up.
Denver got very silent about a day ago. San Diego's got a fever for Cush. This stuff tends to happen the night before a draft. People get crazy. And San Diego you should know is crazy to the tune of seven years for thirty. Signing bonus of eight. Million.
Do I know everything there is to know here. You fellas aren't talking with Bob Sugar are you.
I'm not about love I'm about showing you the money.
No.
Why not.
Oh my God.
Maybe you don't. Because it's not just the money I deserve. It's not just the coin. It's the 
But how did you get kwan. _ 82.
What do you know about dating a single mother.
Then you gotta have The Talk.
I didn't shoplift the pooty. We were thrown together and I mean it's two mutual people who Alright I shoplifted the pooty.
Shame on you. SHAME on you.
No.
Then why'd you get married. I'm asking you as a friend.
No I'm going to answer you. You want an answer. I'll give it to you. Loyalty. She was loyal. Everything grew from there.
For loyalty you buy a dog. For love you get married.
What DO you stand for 
You'll lose.
Fine and when the Tricyclatops comes after you don't come crying to me.
What did you say.
Well damn it. I don't speak ill of the dead. What I'm trying to say is it’s was just a crazy accident. The exact same thing could have happened if he was with me. You can't go beating yourself up about it.
But he didn't. And neither did you. And I'm glad about that.
What about Eric.
Just hold on.
About a thousand feet above it actually. Most mountain climbers remember how tall that mountains were.
Three weeks. I had to rent some equipment.
Obviously a superpredator. Suchimimus. that snout.
They never got that big.
Ah yes the first rule of academics. Publish or perish.
Billy I can't talk to you now.
Some of the worst things imaginable have been done with the best intentions. You rushed in with no thought to the consequences to yourself or anyone else. You're no better than the people who built this place.
Raptors mostly.
My favorite.
I try not to.
The first one. Before you where on the island. You liked dinosaurs back then.
It's a wonder you aren't. I'm amazed Eric. I barely lasted 30 hours. You lasted eight weeks.
Mine's new.
I want to be an astronaut.
See I was the opposite. I never understood why anyone would want to go into space. It's so dangerous. You do one thing wrong and you're dead. The astronomer or the paleontologist get to study these amazing things from a place of complete safety. And truthfully everything you really need to learn you can learn it from the ground.
But then you never get to go in space.
Sure you have. You wrote that book 
There is. I own a place called Kirby Paint and Title Plus. We're out in the Westgate Shopping Center in Enid Oklahoma. The plus is for bathroom fixtures fireplaces accessories patio furniture. Stuff like that.
Well we don't exactly have a Costa Rican phone book here so it will have to be somebody we know in the states. Someone we can absolutely count on to send help.
Well I'm a very well funded old son of a bitch. You go.
It's the lawyers. The lawyers are finally killing me.
Are you out of your mind. I still have nightmares my reputation's a joke my leg is shot you think I need more of that.
Dr. Malcolm the world owes you an apology.
I'm not surprised stegosaur lived in a family group but there's never been anything in the fossil record to prove the carnivores did.
That doesn't say a thing about T rex they could have been rogues. Robert Burke certainly thinks they were.
We've got to see one to find out. Is there any   
I'm your daughter all the time you know. Not just when it's convenient.
Very hurtful. Your mother tell you to say that.
Well is he.
Out of the question. You'd miss the gymnastics trials. You've been training for that for a year.
Where does it say that.
I hadn't planned on bringing carnivores back because of the liability risk but I only thought of adults it never occurred to me You are a billion dollar idea my little f 
There are no versions of the truth. This isn't a corporate maneuver it's my life.
InGen is my livelihood Dr. Malcolm and I will jealously defend its interests. People will know what I want them to know when I want them to know it.
I don't know.
Where's Kelly.
She's with Sarah.
They will come after me. But I can collect some stool samples for DNA with that Nick's tapes and the rest of you to back me up it should stand when we get back.
I believe in him.
JUMP.
Move where. Our boat's not coming for two days your airlift is waiting for an order you have no way to send   
It's not worth taking the chance John.
Find Nedry. Check the vending machines.
Uh  about two million.
That's up to your guy on the boat. Seven o'clock tomorrow night at the east dock. Make sure he got it right.
Oh my God.
They'll all be fine. Who better to get the children through Jurassic Park than a dinosaur expert.
A carousel  and a seesaw. They all moved motorized of course but people would swear they could see the fleas. I see the fleas mummy. Can't you see the fleas. Clown fleas high wire fleas fleas on parade 
Why.
Well because you're a  I'm a 
Okay I'm following the tubing. I'm going down a passage way. How long does this stuff go for. Could you guys talk a little bit to me.
Oh my god they do not. They don't smell.
They do smell. Some of them smell.. babies smell.
Anything else you old fossil.
How did you do it.. How did you do this..
Like hell it is.
Alan listen to this.
 on your hand the amount of blood distending in your vessels imperfections in the skin 
Unpredictability .
No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle.
 shut up.
Dilophosaurus.
Maybe it's hard to say.
to Ellie) You will remember to wash your hands before you eat anything.
Why. Oh I'm sorry. Are you two uh  are. I wish you the best luck.
What's to be scared about. It's just a little hiccup in the power.
John Hammond. And I am delighted to finally meet you in person Dr Grant.
 this would be an awfully unusual time 
Alan Grant. Tell me what kind of metabolism do they have. What's their growth rate. rate of growth.
Do they show intelligence. With the brain cavity like theirs we assumed 
Alright.
Oh I hate the other kind.
They're just doing what they do. Well the other kind   just do what they do.
Timmy. The power is coming down quick.
Chaotician actually. Chaotician.
Why did you do this.
Hey Lex you forgot to say gazundheit.
I'm afraid I am gonna fall.
Shut up. You're scaring me. Stop. You're scaring me.
Hey smart ass I'm up here right now in a  luxury alpine retreat with a two million dollar view of the lake.
I'm not sure I'd call them murder exactly. More like a couple of bar fights that got out of hand.
A seminal film. First ever depiction of a fully nude triple impalement.
None of that's true.
That didn't sound very convincing.
Not guilty by reason of insanity. Case closed.
Yeah what is it.
Great. Now there's _two_ serial killers on the loose.
What is it really.
Well as long as I admire it from afar it shouldn't worry me if it's hollow.
   Small.
In a manner of speaking.
A cenotaph a monument to someone whose remains ended up elsewhere. But look   
Another one.
It's my last and final one.
Not necessarily. A <u>wife</u> would.
Did you see him.
He's usually in the storage room sorting things out. He can't close the file on a case until he has the concluding report.
Your credibility yes it's well known.
Attitude Kafka. It doesn't matter how well you do your work you still see it as something to be gotten on with rather than something to take an active interest in.
He would have. You were his best friend. A better friend than me.
The police would know the difference wouldn't they.
I'm suspicious of men who want to marry. I believe they think it's the only thing that will make them equal to their fathers.
I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from.
You strike me as a man with a defined notion of injustice a high concern for the lot of your fellow men. And yet you're able to remain an outsider. With the concomitant air of.. superiority.
People must think the same of me a quiet dependable person.
Burgel hated Eduard. And me. I'm sure he knew about us and I'm sure it drove him mad.
How often does one of our clerks have business in the house of records.
What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that.
This is the result of their elixir of youth. They were to come and check on it during the night. I contrived to miss the appointment.
No not this time.
   Listen to me   
   Accident and Compensation Association.
Where you've been employed for seven years.
Grown men don't normally fall into the river do they.
What makes you think so.
That's been noted. But where does it lead us. Unless you have something more to add.
She's missing. I went to her house and she hadn't returned there.
That's obvious isn't it. We have an opening for a new member.
When a scapegoat is needed my friend..
I believe we've exceeded his expectations.
Why would we keep files on <u>dead</u> employees. All old files are sent up to the Castle. Do you think we have room for two hundred years worth personnel records.
What good are records if they're not open for public inspection.
It's not too bad working here.
Look Mr Denham   you're not welcome here. Just pack up your cameras and go.
But we can' t Jack I need time to collect artifacts.. make sketches.. gather evidential information.
Ann.. you're father is dead. You have nothing to prove anymore.
Jack. This is the archeological find of the century.
We need those co ordinates  someone's gotta get back there and jot the rest of it down
Exotic lands primitive people dangerous animals.. That's what the public expect from a Carl Denham picture. Lead us into the mountains Sir.
Native costume.
A man eater. Fantastic. Making history Herb
What was it Jack.
You better not slow us down Denham.
Did he come around often.
Yes indeed.
No not Grunemann. He's dead. The man that killed him also prob'ly Jane McKenna also Arlyn Page.
What was better. I made better bait.
No that's not   
Yes Jane McKenna's book I could make a phone call.
Will you let me go then.
Tom Grunemann. He wrote you some letters.
Dew yew hayuv ah dentifikyshun.
Nothing. Except he wasn't kidding. Usually it's a fakeout you probably know. They pretend to tie you up and you wear a dress with a cloth belt and they pretend to whip you or you Hell it's their money. I'll hang from the shower rod and whistle Maytime. Except this guy was really tripped out on it; he   
Tell me about Frank Ligourin.
Mm. Oh he was my old man. We broke up.
It was Jane McKenna who sent you the dumper.
I don't see anything do you.
Yeah you got to me.
You could help me find her. You know the people. I'll pay you a hundred dollars.
What the hell do you think's the matter. I could wait for you someplace.
If Arlyn Page is living with Tom Grunemann   
I don't get you.
No.
We did this before.
Yeah.
How do you know how bad it was.
Why couldn't you stay here with me.
Trask said I should move. Let's not make a thing of it.
I don't think so.
Where how.
I read your report. I had to go along with it the idea of this being a wild goose chase Tom being nowhere around   
It wasn't Tom that broke in the room.
Will the Company put up five hundred dollars to get Jane McKenna's list of clients.
No. It's ridiculous. This has nothing to do with Tom Grunemann.
It's not so bad.
Why didn't you tell Bree afterwards.
I think she's trying that.
Oh sure they try. The idea of a better life. But they don't really know much about life: They get confused or scared or frustrated or bored they pop back to the one thing they can handle. The trick. The trick. Men in bed. Not men in general not life not love not even real sex it avoids all that. Just the trick the transaction.
Examine this letter please. We recovered that from the shredder the plant disposal and incinerator system. Grunemann apparently typed it Friday before he left decided not to send it tossed it away. We've already contacted the New York Police; they think they know the girl in question.
I believed her: the Dumper was not Tom Grunemann.
What else do you know.
Yes sir we know he   
Oh sure. Here this can be mommy.
My daddy doesn't hit me silly. Why would my daddy hit me.
Wow. French toast really.
Billy don't eat with your fingers.
Sorry.
C'mon there's not much difference  
C'mon Billy. I'm trying to work for God's sake 
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
No.
Now listen to me young man. Do you know what I had to go through to put this goddamn food on the goddamn table.
You mean for good.
It's okay son I'm here  Just a little more to go  Don't worry son I'm here 
See you in the morning light 
Sure.
Right.
Uh huh 
What did you do when you were little.
What don't you understand pal.
Where will my bed be where will I sleep.
I do not your honor however  
And would you describe those years as happy.
Yes 
Thank you. I have no further questions.
What.. What do you mean I don't understand.
My we are a hot shot aren't we.
More than three less than thirty  three  permanently.
I I don't know 
Then we don't really know do we when you say permanently if you're planning to remain in New York or even to keep the child for that matter since you've never really done anything in your life that was continuing stable that could be regarded as permanent.
I've paid the rent the Con Ed and the phone bill so you don't have to worry about them.
I heard you Joanna. I promise I heard you.
So do you.
Ted do you love him.
No more waiting in Coffee Shops..I promise.
Jim I've got to go. I'm already late  
She'll be back 
Sure.
Mmmmnph I'll get you a cab 
Murray.
No. No I don't believe it. Jim O'Connor would never let anything like that happen. He gave me my shot in this business. If it wasn't for Jim O'Connor I'd be  I don't know where I'd be. He's a wonderful man 
Right.
Mr. Kramer there's  
Oh for shit's sake Ted you are the most selfish human being I have ever met. No wonder she said you came first then Billy then if there was anything left over she got the scraps.
No.
All right Okay But let's get something straight right now. I mean I'm sorry about what happened between you and Joanna but it's not my problem understand.
What d'you tell her.
I don't mean a little favor. mean a big F favor.
Maybe. I said maybe. What I mean is ah I don't think it'll really work out but Charley seems to want it so 
Don't play innocent with me Thelma. You know perfectly well what's going on.
I know.
And you have horses. You love horses.
Good. Our first request is that you allow us to build a road. You have no roads in Tibet. We can discuss the plans in Lhasa. When you return.
I am afraid.
Time to study.
General Chiang Chin wu the Chinese representative is en route to Dromo. He is coming to meet you.
Then we shall meet.
Please.
Ask the Chinese mission to leave our country. Immediately.
Of course please this way. Your servant may use the kitchen.
It is too early to implement all the clauses of the Seventeen Point Agreement. We will establish a Preparatory Committee for the Autonomous Region of Tibet. The pace of reform must meet with the desires of the Tibetan people. Changes must be made slowly as you yourself judge necessary.
Me.
You will always.
You decide.
Does he have the spot.
And after the game we're going to trade. You just stay over there no there. Norbu and I will shoot at you. I want your land. I take it. I am stronger.
I am braver.
The Chinese.
But surely we are safe in Tibet. We don't believe in killing.
We have had fun you and I. Fun for a little boy in an old palace.
You kill me.
I do.
Buddha teaches that we must learn from our enemy. We have compassion for all people.
You are unharmed.
I see that.
Oh yes. I killed him.
We won't let him get hurt Ma'am.
Oh well I'm sorry. I didn't realize you keep such a firm track of the dead.
<u>So</u> <u>why</u> <u>are</u> <u>we</u> <u>landing</u>. <u>Hector</u>.
Mr. Cyr.
Obviously some asshole in Hong Kong flushed him down a toilet.
Then do it..
You talk to Bickerman.
Hector. What you just did  there was at least some sort of a death wish going on.
Guess I finally got bit.
And Hank. I know you weren't really trying to hit him.
I've come I'm here I'm staying. Unless there are ticks.
What.
Who.
Skipping stones. Look how flat that water is you can get ten skips on a good one.
I am going out on that boat and why are you picking on me is this some kind of  
Good.
Um  y'know  Yeah.
No thanks.
We seem to say goodnight a lot.
What.
Calm down.
No.
Other than to eat us.
You talk to the married couple.
Ever even been <u>in</u> one.
You threw it at me..
Yes.
Kelly  
I don't like to be scared Myra I have a thing about fright don't ever scare me.
Myra.
I really  I should get back.
The one that was weighted down. Where is she . Fred something.
But why. He didn't weight the others.
Sometimes.
Get me out.
Might I suggest tucking your pants into your socks. To prevent mouse intrusion.
I think we may be yes.
It's all there sir practically verbatim.
He mentioned a name at the very end. Mofet  Any followup on her.
You don't have to feel any way about it. Lecter did it to amuse himself. Why not what can they do. Take away his books for awhile and no jello  I know it got ugly today. But this is your report Starling   take it as far as you can. On your own time outside of class. Now carry on.
There's no correlation at all between where they're kidnapped and where they're found . What if   what if you trace the heaviest traffic routes backwards from the dump sites. Do they converge at all.
Why not.
Raspail was killed by the same man who's killing these girls. And Lecter knows him. Maybe even treated him  You think so too don't you. Or you'd never have sent me to that asylum.
He's already offered to help  What would happen if we just showed our cards   asked him for Bill.
You heard them. I don't have that authority anymore.
He's going to kill her Mr. Crawford. This morning or maybe at noon but today and Belvedere's our last chance. I'm flying there right now unless you stop me. You want my ID. Here   take it 
Starling we know who he is. And where he is. We're on our way now.
I'm   still in training at the Academy.
No no no. You were doing fine you'd been courteous and receptive to courtesy you'd established trust with the embarrassing truth about Miggs and now this ham handed segue into your questionnaire. It won't do. It's stupid and boring.
Who killed your patient.
She had an insect deliberately inserted in her throat. That hasn't been made public yet. We don't know what is means.
After your father's death you were orphaned. What happened next. I don't imagine the answer's on those second rate shoes Clarice.
You said   I was very close to the way we'd catch him.
Nobody sent me. I came on my own.
No. We just  
I'll listen now. After your father's murder you were orphaned. You were ten years old. You went to live with cousins on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana. And  
Dr. Chilton  I believe you know each other.
Thank you Doctor. I'll keep it in mind.
We leave in the morning..
How did you learn English.
What would you have me do.
Do not. Promise me.
I don't know. Whatever happens you stay with your father. You stay among the officers.
Some.
We were headed 
Day and a half Where did you get  the guide.
I thought all our colonial scouts were in the militia.
Really. Do you want them to overrun all New York colony.
Folks here goin' to join in that fight.
That reason wear a blue dress and work in the surgery.
Yes. You may. You there. What does Munro call you. The Scotsman has sent one of his Indian allies to guide you.
By your leave sir.
Yes.
Yes.
How much gold has the master of the Yengeese.
The King. The King has mountains of gold.
Does the rule of English law no longer govern. Has it been replaced by absolutism.
Il est necessaire d'etre vigilant mon enfant.
Well I'll be on the golf course in the morning. Then if I don't have any babies to deliver  
What mistakes. Look I think it's no big deal but if you want to find out why this ship sank have Maritime run a check.
He did.
Don't worry I don't want to give up any more.
Huh. I uh uh 
There probably wasn't anything wrong with his suit 
No. I'm just being friendly.
Maybe they already have.
Uh..Excuse me sir it's the air recirculating system sir 
Twenty minutes .Who had tank duty.
Better let the Doc take a look at you after dinner.
You're damn right I do. Five years down here and I'll pull in more than 15 topside. I'm not down here for the fun I'll tell you that.
The weather's good I already checked but I'll be off in a minute.
The man is unbelievable  I say leave him in there.
Aw loosen up Bowman  Hey Willie I got one served up for you.
Russian.
 and a Russian grandmother 
Fuck double pay man. I want out of here.
And hit the surface in the middle of a typhoon .No thank you. I'll take my chance down here.
Jameson. Who're you trying to con.
How is he.
The air's stopped.
She's wondering what's happening. We're losing air faster than I thought.
Tip top Willie tip top.
Your pocket.
Hardly.
Stop fucking around Tom and think. What are we going to do.
Well it's still a good idea.
They can't report they have had all their drugs and money nicked can they.
Not in the cabinet there wasn't. There was a couple of old hammer lock muskets the butler was carrying; they were ours and we sold 'em.
Yeah Bazza what.
You heard of Harry Lonsdale. Otherwise known as Back you up with a  Hatchet Harry infamous for his removal of digits.
Well I suggest you speak to him then.
It looks like ít but who knows. The opportunity was there. In my experience it is best to take the opportunity if it is there.
Son have a look in his locker.
No chance of you lifting this sunbed up is there.
Made a few quid did ya. Now where is it.
Try that one.
What can I do for you.
It is too late for you to start thinking John. It is a possibility and that is good enough for me. And after you strip the house I want you to get every thieving slag this side of Ceylon and torture them badly. I want to know who is responsible otherwise I will hold you responsible.
What they like then.
Who are you going to kill Plank. There's no one there.
Do you want me to take his leg off. Where's the fourth.
And the weed.
He means they're thieving dogs.
Top of the list of priorities how nice they look.
Tom.
We paid seven hundred quid for those guns. They could hardly trace them to you could they.
Yes and is there something else you want to say. EDDY
Well you're going to have a problem carrying on aintcha.
Unless you are going to accept twenty quid.
All right it's Plank. Is Willie there.
I know. Now shut it. You say a fucking word the right knee goes another word then your left.
Neither me but it depends on what flicks your switch and the light's on and burning bright for the masses.
I got contacts. Listen Tom if you pointed them at me I'd shit myself or do whatever you said to do. Either way you still get the desired effect.
They look nice I agree but lacking in criminal credibility aren't they. I might get laughed at. How much do you want for these muskets.
Seven hundred each.
All right let's forget about them for the time being. What about your weed man.
I'll only be a minute.
If you will order stuff that comes from Kat Man Fucking Du don't be surprised if your fruit picks up a few tourists en route. ~ Never mind that what about the money.
Tom the fatter you get the sadder you get.
You went out six hours ago to buy a money counter and you come back carrying two bags of fertilizer. Alarm bells are ringing Willy.
Leave your sister out of it.
If you grew up to he anywhere near as good a man as your father was I would be happy. I would be thrilled.
Do whatever they tell you  
Chaos.
They got people to fight. Arabs yellow people whatever. Might as well use us.
Do you think you've been discriminated against on this post.
Any serious problems with your sergeant or your fellow soldiers.
No sir. They all been real straight with me.
We were just dancing  
September '97 that's all she wrote.
You got to investigate. No question about it.
Come on in.
Public Display of Affection. Every time he moves up a rank it's like he's got to tighten the screws a little more  
So I'm part Indian.
Dad  
Dad can I talk to you about track.
I thought we already had this out. Next year if your grades are high enough  
My father.
He does.
You own this place.
Well  I don't see what's changed. No   PDA's no necking on the obstacle course.
Seriously I think we should get married.
You know who it was they dug up.
Sheriff Deeds was in on our archeological find yesterday.
Good deal you were born down here then.
Appreciate it sir.
This same person been bragging all over the county how he don't have to cut that big gringo Sheriff in on it   he can run his own operation 'thout any help. Como se llama amigo.
You carryin' a firearm son. Don't lie to me now.
You have somebody else out there.
We don't need a new jail.
Oh you know the usual troublemakers. Danny Padilla from the Sentinel that crowd.
You go by your old house.
Just as well. The new people just painted it some God awful color  
Buddy Deeds was a murderer.
People come here to catch bass and to get laid at the Boy's Town in Cuidad Leon  
You ought to put up a banner   Frontera Texas: Gateway to Cut  Rate Pussy  
The Perdido thing.
All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish.
The old high school heartthrob Sheriff. I thought you were crazy about each other. He's available you're available  
If you spent a little more time training them  
I felt that you could do better for yourself  
Not if they was colored or Meskin. Not if they wanted to keep breathin'.
Okay. He's not here.
Could of been. That was white people's business.
You gonna stay out here.
It was for personal consumption.
Different charge. I had a still. Made my own mescal.
I'm surprised he bothered with it.
Yeah. I'll go check on your boy.
I can't name anybody she does like these days.
They cooked the whole thing up without asking me.
I remember him watching me once. When I was little  before you and I  
Yeah.
Amado.
Nice looking kid.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know. It just feels good. Always did.
Two years.
There's nothing on the walls. No pictures  
Yeah.
Well it's a complicated issue  
Sure.
They don't hand those medals out for hidin'in your foxhole. Would you buy this.
Your mother wasn't one to get chased off her patch. Half the damn county knew and nobody thought the worse of her for seein' it through.
Payne.
Runnin' numbers illegal.
Yeah. It's French.
You haven't paid the cab. He won't give us your bags 'til you pay him.
I mean there's no instructions   What do you mean they're not tricks.
I'm out of here man. Are you coming.
About.
Please  Butterfield  I wasn't there. Ask Pimm.
That's not what I'm asking for. I want somebody who can find out what Philip saw in those damn cards. And stop it from happening.
I don't know where you'd start.
I didn't leave. I was just digging around.
He was the real thing right.
He could get into people's heads. Make them see things. Terrible things. And he could levitate. Juggle fire.
Nothing you don't want.
And they all came 
And Pimm and Swann. Only Nix was ready for them.
Find Valentin. Find him. Get him in here.
Hang on.
 yes.
We've never met.
I saw him in Vegas once.
Are you a believer then.
Left alone. Somebody's been murdered.
Yeah I know.
You want more money is that it.
Yes.
Haven't you seen enough to know that doesn't matter.
Don't bother.
Right. And he's dead isn't he. I saw it on the news. Jennifer doesn't know. And frankly this isn't the best tine for her to be told.
Was he taking a lot of risks.
I'd love to  you know  hang with some of you guys.
They'll never find out.
Now that I'm dead the spotlight's off her.
And you believed him.
I saw it with my own fucking eyes. See that's his best trick. No illusions. Just the truth. Are you ready for that.
Yes.
No. He's coming back. He's digging his way out.
Fuck you.
No.
But until then  it's you and me  the way it always was.
Just get me out of here as soon as you can.
Ok.
Two years.
Oh what do you do with that.
Not really. How long are you here for.
Ok.
Thanks for getting me back in one piece.
I don't know.
I know.
We established that we have no communication.
That's nice. My parents were always traveling they weren't around so much.
I know but that's what you like about me.
Yes.
Yes.
Take them.
Well that's good I have to get the kids off for school. Can I call you in a little while.
It's four in the morning  I'm going to go to sleep.
Mr. Harris we have fax for you.
Ok.
I went to a temple today and I didn't feel anything.
I gotta go to work.
I don't know.
Its bad for you.
I gotta go  and I don't really like champagne.
It'll just be a few days.
Ok have fun there you're so lucky you don't have any kids yet and you can go off to Japan  call me when you get back.
Sorry. It's just a strange woman waltzes into my office today. Tells me she murdered her parents and can prove Satan exists.
What happened.
I can't believe Will killed him.
No of course not but I think now that this has happened a lot of things can start to come out 
I don't know. What are they.
And how would you describe him.
Seemed on edge.
This patient has been plagued with temporal lobe seizures.
It's the patient's request doctor.
I'm aware of that but I don't think he's in any condition to make requests. I'm trying to appeal to your more logical self Father. I'm concerned about harm to my patient.
What did you hear.
But bad judgement. And now you see how dangerous the consequences can be.
I hope so.
It was perfect. The harder I pushed the more you pulled away.
Father I'm right here.
 as a narcissist he couldn't blame himself. He created the voices after the fact.
Not the most popular opinion but yes.
Well then it all seems to be working out for you. Listen Ms .
It was blank. Nothing on it. You gave me the wrong one.
Please the children.
At the exorcism Birdson boasted that Satan is about to take over the body of a man. You are that man Peter.
Why didn't you just go along with Townsend. Get rid of me. I would've 
You are the younger of two 
He's looking right at me.
Sure. In between all the other things I have to do.
Whenever you lose you get this attitude. But it's just a game.
You sure.
Uh huh.
Shh. It's okay.
Don't go starting rumors Jim. My son's college bound with or without basketball.
Hey. You just worry about playing your behind off for that recruiter tonight. Let me worry about your date.
Yeah once I cut them off. Why.
So how's the job going.
Didn't have to try very hard.
What's that.
How do you say you're dreaming in Italian.
I don't know. A lot.
My Dad always drives my Mom.
Look big head I'll be at your car.
Hey.
Yeah.
Cause I don't just stick my dick in anything.
What.
I can't.
What the hell's going on.
We're going to get some food.
Are you out of your mind.
Cheap date.
I never asked you to choose.
Never had to.
I'm alright. But you can sit.
Kiss my ass.
Figured it was something like that.
What do you mean.
Thanks.
Strong enough to get you down the aisle.
Because I'm kinda feeling that way too.
Nah. I haven't dribbled a ball in four and a half months. Maybe I miss some of the attention but besides that 
So why'd you give up ball.
What.
We were just studying.
Twenty seven points eleven assists and still undefeated.
Whose truth are you talking about.
Cause when you say can't you ain't a man.
You came out early.
Some girl that's been hanging on at every party. now I'm supposed to be her baby's Daddy. Anyway I told your mom I wanted to be the one who told you.
Why.
And some things should never fucking happen.
After five years.
How are you paying tor the braces Donnie.
I don't know.
You ok.
ooohhhhhh no.
Ok. Janet you have Phil Parma   
It's a helluva disease.
I'd like to talk to you. Your boyfriend let me in I just knocked on the door   
 I want to .I want so many things Claudia. Maybe we can just talk to straighten our things out .there are so many things that I want to tell you   
Why are you here why are you doing this. Coming in here you wanna call me a whore.
Yeah yeah right what the fuck are doing. WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE.
It's the LAPD can you open the door please.
No one else in there with you.
I'm sorry.
You just move in here.
Arlight then. Cheers.
What's that stand for.
Just Jim.
What about ten o'clock is that too late. I don't get off and then   
Bye.
I'm sorry.
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago .and Claudia whatever you wanna tell me whatever you think might scare me won't and I will listen I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want and you know you know I won't judge you . I can do that sometimes I know but I won't I can listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you .
just let me walk out ok.
Yes.
You mind if I come in check things.
yeah yes hi hello.
   can I get you.
Diet Coke.
It's upstairs.
I'm wondering about the weather department. I'm wonderin' wether or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical services or if they have in house instruments.
I can check on that for you maybe we can take a tour   
It's ok boy.
No school today. My teacher got sick.
Hey. Watch the mouth. Watch it.
Doc go get Frank and put him on the phone.
Yeah I'm here I'm off the elevator walking down the hall now   
You see.
FUCK YOU. I pay you I paid you. I give you a fucking chance and a chance and over and over over you let me down. I trust you with so much. The keys to my store the codes to my locks the life the blood of my bussiness and return is smashing in seven eleven late <u>always</u> late loans I loaned you money for your kitchen that you never did   
Solomon please. Please. I am so fucked here if you do this. This is the worst timing. The worst timing I could ever imagine. I need to keep working. I have so many debts so many things I have I have I have I have surgery I have my oral surgery coming   
Yes I do.
You were gonna ask me weren't you.
Well that's what Hospice will take care of for you. They will send a nurse someone who can take care of all of that for you   
Frank Mackey. That's your son.
You got us a room so quick.
Just one look one hesitation one subtle gesture for me to know And Bing Bam Boom I'm away on a tangent I get so fuckin' amped at these seminars and lemme tell you why: Because I Am What I Believe. I am what I teach I do as I say I live by these rules as religiously as I preach them: And you wanna know what. I'm gettin' pussy left right up down center and sideways.
I'm gonna start rolling   
I just realized this is for television isn't it. I can't swear up and down like I just did.
We talked earlier about your mother. And we talked about your father and his death. And I don't want to be challenging or defeatist here but I have to ask and I would want to clarify something something that I understand   
Does you mother still work.
What does she say about Seduce and Destroy.
Go Get 'Em Honey.
And your father.
And you ended up at UC Berkely   
In five years.
 are you Phil .
I work as a nurse for a proffesion   
Mmm.
No you don't: But I'm gonna ask you one more time: Are you alone in here.
Maybe you didn't but I'm here to find out about a disturbance. Some neighbors called said they heard screaming and a loud crash.
I don't know a loud crash.
Yes I can Marcie. And until you start givin' me some straight answers: I'm gonna assume that some mischief has been goin' on here.
No.
Well can you do me one favor and don't do that.
I got in trouble at school.
Fifteen minutes ago where were those cards.
I need you to get me Paula   
I'm drinking.
   did she talk to you.
Did you tell her.
It'll take the pain away.
It's over becuase for all the the right reasons I hope what I said.
I'm not through asking my questions.
I think that you know.
Maybe I don't 
No.
You're her boyfriend.
I'm her father.
Yeah. She's sleeping now I mean   
Not as much as I used to. Ever since we started I haven't really gone in to school that much because I've been getting more and more auditions   
When they want us done they'll call in the Harvard S.W.A.T team or some shit.
You don't have to change the will if what you want to do is get nothing you can renounce the will when it's time.
The money would go to Frank. The court would put the money in the hands of a relative   
BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT HE DIDN'T ASK YOU HE DOESN'T WANT HIM HE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK TO HIM SO FUCK YOU THAT HE ASKED THAT. THERE IS NO ONE BUT ME AND HIM.
I'd like to get an order of um peanut butter.
mmm.hmm.
Ok. One of those. And um Barely Legal.
yeah I said. Is that it.
Do you still want the peanut butter bread and cigarettes
Thank you.
They just let me have my own study time my own reading time in the library.
I'm sick of being the one the one who always has to do everything I don't want to be the one always   
hang in there ok. I love you.
It's not right.
I have money.
 what .
 fuck you mean it's raining frogs.
And you were not hurt.
No M'lady.
Then we will both die traitors d'Artagnan.
D'Artagnan.
We have much to discuss. Tomorrow.
Yes. Dead. Two nights ago. The night of my dream.
Wear it until you love it. And die in it..
Next week. This is a mere garden party and I wish to join it so I will be brief. I am experiencing resistance from the Jesuits.
If I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel. I will kill both him and the man who told me.
I grow closer to my target your Majesty.
Making the key to the throne.
Excellent Athos. You have a keen sense of this man.
He who is not with us is against us.
He's threatened to do it it's been building up in him for months.
Who.
At a ball everyone watches the King.
He lures us to capture.
So what. I'd rather die covered in blood than an old man lying in my own piss.
None of the ladies will be able to take their eyes off you.
Raoul is everything to me.
Oh my friend.
The desire for vengeance  can be a poison.
No. Do not be sorry. Never be sorry. The King cares for nothing and for no one. There are no mistakes when you are King. What you do is right for every person. A King has contempt for everyone.
Just  water.
Phillippe. Rest now.
My twin. Which has kept him alive. Until now.
  The ball  Continue.
What number on the first page.
You may go Lieutenant.
So what.
So what is they have enough to shut us down.
It happened too fast. He was in the back quiet and calm and boom. He was out   and gone. We we fanned out Stanton must have let his guard down.
I don't know shit. Maybe she was looking for love 
Our getaway car. You said a cell phone.
Who am I. I'm gonna be your worst fucking nightmare until you start breaking it down for me. You understand. Where did you get the car.
Mm hmm that's not what the bartender told us.
Nothing. He didn't do nothing.
Good. We'll get it to the nearest outlying station and hold it for prints   we're on our way   You coming.
I had to get away. My life was in danger.
Yeah.
Neither did I. I'll make it up to you I promise 
I'm going to need a way to get there.
Then what did you do play canasta.
Remember when you asked for a study on him I refused. Same goes for now.
It was you who did the asking.
He doesn't think you run mind games on him.
That's when it happened.
At the end is the tail of what could be an 'r.
Book code.
You're his friend Jack. Why can't you leave him alone.
How much do you know.
What was in the 'Miami Herald' and the 'Times.' Confessions.
Somebody hurt him.
I think there has been a lot of bullshit about the way I think. I came down here to get away from all that.
You can tell something about him or we wouldn't have found the finger print 
You think I'm gonna spot him 'across a crowded room.' That's Ezio Pinza you're thinking about. The Tooth Fairy will go on until we get smart or get lucky. He won't stop.
Personal ads.
I'll tell you in a second. Now listen to me: everything is okay I'm taking care of it so stay on the phone when I tell you.
Wait Will 
It's a word. Killing them  His delusion is: if he sees himself accepted enough times he will become as one who has the power to be accepted all the time. And he would record it somehow. So he can see himself received over and over again 
There's no connection between the families.
I want a chopper on the roof in three minutes. To Meigs Field. At Meigs have them warn up and flight  prep the Gulf Stream.
Wait for the back up. Will.
He asked for Will. He said he might call back tonight. I tried to hold him  I'm sorry  He said 'tell Graham broken mirrors.'
I made you a gin and tonic. It's by the side of the sofa 
Me.
Francis did a thing for you today so I couldn't have you. And he was wrong. I AM THE DRAGON. Give me your hand.
No.
Atoning Mr. Lounds.
Please no.
Do you imply that I'm a queer.
You'll let me go now.
Where did you get it..
Well zip that little pointer right on down to the letter G.
Thank you very much.
I don't think I'll tell you.
He's right handed.
What did the psychologists say was wrong with Lecktor.
And you said.
All the things that happened to you before make you know that 
Stay here with me. Me. Me. Me. And Kevin. That's selfish huh.
Can you quit.
I have to go back to Birmingham.
Will they never get to see Kevin and a few more days 
It's what Kevin called her when he was little 
They don't want me up there. Every time they look at me I remind them  If they thought about it they'd want you. Bur all they really want's the boy. And they'll take you. But they don't want to see me 
You got a deal 
Yes. Who are you.
Crabs would get most of the newborns before they made it to the sea huh.
Yeah but not now  These will all make it  guaranteed.
What is he. Afraid to leave you alone with me now.' He read the Tattler piece didn't he.
And.
No it's not. Do you know how you did it Will.
It doesn't matter to me Will.
Yes.
You'll get to see the file on this case. And there's another reason.
Pictures.
It's not 'interesting'. You thought of it before.
Yes. I'd considered it.
What do you want.
You know Lounds's enlightened me on one thing: your confinement in the mental hospital. My attorney should have brought that our in court.
When you were so depressed after you shot Mr. Garrett Jacob Hobbs to death it wasn't the act that got you down. Didn't you really feel so bad because killing him felt so good. And why shouldn't it feel good.. It must feel good to God. God does it all the time.
You should Will. God's terrific. He dropped a church roof on thirty  four of His worshippers in Texas last Wednesday night. Just as they were groveling to Him and singing a hymn. Don't you think that felt good. He wouldn't begrudge you two measly murders.
And that's great. But do it in LA and New York. There you experiment. Show up with a sleeping bag and take a nap on stage. I don't care.
I wanna go back to work and put on a happy show. The best show anybody's ever seen.
You're firing me.. You don't even pay me.
Well everyone else gets this place cookin'. Pal it's hard for me to move the booze when you're singin' Pop Goes The Weasel.
Okay great. So let's reset.
No no no it's not sex. I mean it can lead to sex  but really it's just wrestling.
No thanks.
Do I wanna go to Memphis and get married.
I I'm sorry. I got caught up in the action .
DON'T TOUCH ME.
My father said I should've gotten a lawyer  
Nah. The girls sponge off between johns.
Who gives a shit.. It's not funny.
Sure it is. Tony called me himself. He yelled at me insisting that his dressing room be bigger than Andy's. They're both going on tonight believe me.
Andy I'm calling you up like this because I have the utmost respect for your artistry. But I need your permission to fire him.
Bob Gorsky.
Know what.
Hurry.
You all look the same to me.
Lieutenant you were given specific orders   
No Lieutenant your men are already dead.
Hear what.
He had an accident.
Oh I disagree Trinity. I disagree. I think the Matrix is more real than this world. I mean all I do is pull a plug here. But there you watch a man die.
He's going to pop.
  Yeah.
He's beginning to believe.
You could say that.
What does that mean.
When.
The body cannot live without the mind.
I've seen an agent punch through a concrete wall. Men have emptied entire clips at them and hit noting but air. Yet as powerful as they are their speed and strength are but tethers to the rules of an unreal world. Because of this they will never be as strong or as fast as you can be.
What did she tell you.
Why.
I just thought  you were a guy.
No. It's safe here and I don't have much time.
Why.
It disables any electrical system in the blast radius. It's the only weapon we have against the machines.
That's different.
Is it.
Yes.
She told me 
We can't leave him.
We have to.
Is Morpheus still alive Tank.
Morpheus did what he did because he believed that I'm something I'm not.
What.
I'm not the One Trinity. The Oracle hit me with that too.
I'm fine. Come on we have to keep moving.
Deep underground. Near the earth's core where it's still warm. You live long enough you might even see it.
Because I believe in something.
Dozer.
Hurry Neo.
Look who's talking. Pretentious bullshit. Who's the guy with William Blake and the tigers eh.
She don't look Jewish.
Take it easy. I only asked because maybe I could you know let you have a little something.
Not quite but keep trying.
Wouldn't bother me.
Don't be smart.
No you're not 
No I just want to help myself that's all.
Mind your own business.
I can't make this week's payment and if this keeps up not next week's either.
Not next week's either listen you tell that to Giovanni not me.
'But I say to you love your enemies do good to those who hate you and pray for those who persecute '
'Amen I say to thee thou wilt not come out from it until thou hast paid the last penny.'
No I'm serious You're really good.
Teresa.
Charlie .
That's the word preoccupied.
No. Of course he lives there. Would I point it out to you if he didn't.
Shut up.
You what.
Shut up.
Quiet please.
You ate.
Fireworks. Update we're con  structing the number '65' on the barge archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity  The Hudson River Authority says for you they'll make a special dispensation   of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept 
And you could care less   
Who's Annie.
It's starting to grow on me. But what do the 'B' and 'P' mean.
I wasn't going to say   
He said he would be there with bells on.
How would you like that sir. On some kind of toast.
What 'business'.
You're taking this too far Drew.
Bontecou wants a speedier response than that.
Susan's patient is whom we are talking about.
I'll make a note of it. Anything else.
I appreciate your gentlemanliness Bill but what we need to do here is drive the dagger home   
The dagger  
I thought it was great I thought you and Big John would be like a couple of bulls in a china shop Instead it was   
As close as a deal could be.
Sorry. I know it looks like I'm reversing my field.
But the matter's still on the table Bill   
Please Drew.
But who is he. What are his creden  tials. What is his relationship to you.
The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all.
Is this Mr. Black's fantasy. Another one of his whoppers. Aren't you sick of this asshole lurking around. No one knows who he is but one thing everyone does know he somehow got your ear and has been pouring poison into it ever since.
Never mind Bontecou. I've got some other merger possibilities up my sleeve and I'm putting them to see old man.
What you then.
Some spot you pick.
Doctor lady make it irey.
None facety mistah. You come for me. Dat's good news.
Doctor. What could be wrong wit' you.
My Doctor Lady.
You loved back.
She knows how she feel.
Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty.
Can do no right by people. Come to take you wan' to stay leave you stay you wan' to go. Rahtid.
What.
Hey this is fun.
No problem. I'll leave you two alone. I can tell you guys have something on the fire   
I didn't know that.
On the other hand Winston Churchill drank a bottle of cognac a day and lived until he was ninety one.
'Love'. Oh man I've got troubles of my own.
Oh yes I do.
I was a world class loser and she was a happy little rich girl and for some reason she took me in.
   Can't seem to escape you today.
Do you love Drew.
I can see why.
I think you want to go to the west wing. Through there.
Not now.
It comforts you doesn't it.
I am.
He must be tired this Bontecou thing   
No worse than it gets for me. I'm in love with a woman whom I don't want to leave.
Will it.
You want me to wait for you you'll be back   
   Yes.
Thank you for loving me.
'Threw' you. Where.
No.
That's the best I can do but minute by minute I find myself lingering.
'Feeling'. I feel fine. How do you feel.
Sounds fair enough.
So you've grasped the idea. Con  gratulations. Now multiply it by infinity and take it to the depth of forever and you still will have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
Cold lamb sandwich with cilantro. A little Coleman's mustard.
Okay.
What way would you put it.
I'm sorry to hear that.
This universe.
I think you heard me Bill.
You're not taking Susan anywhere. And what the hell does that mean anyway.
Does she know where she's going.
Death.
Speak up please.
What.
I'm sorry I   
'Take me' . Where.
Next week.
Fine fine. Big doing up here. Why are you still down here.
I appreciate this Eddie members of the Board this will just take a minute of your time. As the custo  dians of the company you may re  ceive information from what follows that is valuable to you    or not. Either way thanks.
Drew told me.
You're not listening   
That's all.
Aw you're tough.
I know. But I'm the only father you've got.
Incidentally 'Joe' what.
It's something.
Yes but   
What's the way.
Me. Internal medicine.
Did I say something wrong.
Because I like you so much. You have coffee here every morning don't you. If I came by could you give me the name of a doctor.
This has nothing to do with you. You helped me out and I'm grateful.
I think I know her.
I'm Mr. Shelby from 304.
When was I in here.
Why didn't you clean it out.					 *
You don't have to be that honest Burt.
Yeah but there's a call for you from this guy. He's a cop.
Who did this to you.
Thanks.
Do you remember me.
Must be tough living life according to a few scraps of paper. Mix up your laundry list and your grocery list you'll be eating your underwear.
But even if you get your revenge you won't remember it. You won't even know it's happened.
Deals.
I wasn't helping you for money.
Did you.
Course not.
My wife used to call me Lenny.
Yeah I hated it.
Wants to know what happened to Jimmy. And his money. He thinks I have it. He thinks I took it.
What then. Love. What would you kill for. For your wife right.
* John G. was clever. He took the dead man's gun and replaced it with the sap that he'd hit me with. He left my gun and left the getaway car. He gave the police a complete package. They found a sap with my blood on it in the dead man's hand and they only found my gun. They didn't need to look for anyone else. I was the only guy who disagreed with the facts and I had brain damage.						 *
Dying.
What are you here for.
I don't know.
Things change.
Lenny you can't trust a man's life to your little notes and pictures.
Just for revenge. That's what keeps me going. It's all I have.
No. Should I.
He's got to have a car right. We just take him back to his car and tell him to get the fuck out of town before we kill him.
Who's she.
That's who you were Lenny. You don't know who you are who you've become since the incident. You're wandering around playing detective  and you don't even know how long ago it was.
Why not.
Well I hope it's not as serious as his 'cos this guy's dead.
You won't remember.
To set yourself a puzzle you won't ever solve. You know how many towns how many		  * guys called James G. Or John G. Shit Leonard I'm a John G.
This bad cop. He checked you into the			 * Discount Inn. Then he's been calling you		  * for days sticking envelopes under your			* door telling you shit.						 *
You in Miami workin' on your complexion .
He any good.
No you don't Jim. 'Cause if I close this down you got nothing to make a phone call about. And my guys don't have a week for a Feeb bureaucratic process. Every hour longer they're in there they risk exposure. So right here right now they're back in or I pull them out and close you down. What's it going to be.
I'm a fiend for mojitas.
Bodeguita del Medio. It's the <u>only</u> place for mojitas 
The Keys.
Angolan Military. Went back to the fighting. Disappeared. Who knows .
Later. Do you dance.
I insist.
That's right.
Exactly.
What do you mean.
Zero risk.
A few more moments still in this business. Then I'd find you.
No.
Nothing.
Port Au Prince.
You worried about the tree line US Customs AWACS or something else on your mind.
Verdado.
No.
As in .
4 4 7 Charlie 12 92.
A Colombian producer. Named Archangel de Jesus Montoya Londono.
What are you talking about.
Hi Gina. This is from Frick and Frack. Trudy.
As in your ass is dead in the water.
 you are trying to reassure me because you know when people get anxious they make mistakes. You're worried about me. Do not be. I am careful. I am cool. I got Trudy backup whatever. You worry about you. Because you are the ones who are in denied territory not me. If your focus is on me you'll miss something coming at you. That's how people slip up. Get hurt. And I'd die if anything happened. You worry about <u>you</u>. You and Sonny are in the dangerous place. I'm fine 
But what does your intuition tell you .
I like the diminished risk. It frees up capital reserves. I like working with self interested businessmen who are competent. You can predict their behavior .
Future of .
I had to lay eyes on you.
The Statue of Liberty.
Must be some mess back there.
You sure are a pretty lady.
Top drawer. Maybe if you didn't call me ma'am things would work out better.
Enrico Rizzo from the Bronx. Don't mind if I do.
I think you just put your finger on it I do.
Oh hell forget it.
Rico then at least call me Rico in my own goddam place.
This is an okay setup you got here but I'd say you ain't just exactly uh flush is that right or not.
And end up a hunchback like my old man. You think I'm crippled. You shoulda caught him the end of a day.
Don't rush me. How I do it see I get myself primed like I was turning on the charm for some pretty little blonde lady then kinda mosey away slow and easy and   swing around. and there you are you handsome devil.
Yeah well so.
But they picked me right. So what I'll do I'll just say now look you want me. Well I don't go nowhere without my buddy here.
No doctors. No sir. Not me. Doctors are like goddam auto mechanics. Fix one thing unplug another. Operate for piles and while they're there they unscrew your liver. My old man for God's sake wasn't any sicker'n I am when he went to the doctor.
I'll find the money. If you just get me on the bus that's all I ask.
Yeah.
What.
But I'll bet you got one thing in common with them other boys. I'll bet you're lonesome.
Well not too I mean a little.
Lonesomeness is something you take. You bear. Dammit you take it and go about your business that's all.
Who's he. Oh God. Don't tell me you two are a couple   
Get lost.
Hamidou. Chief of the Guards. Don't fuck with him. He almost killed an Italian dude couple months ago. Bad news. He try anything with you.
The airport. Trying to get on the plane for the States.
Twenty months.
We go through the wall.
How's your hernia.
Nah just covered with batshit.
There's two ways out I figger   over the roof but that's only one person maybe two. The other way is Under.
Oh Jesus.
All over. Turkish Army up there. It's against the law. They shoot us. You sure you looking for your friends man.
But didn't have heroin.
Something like that. Cigarette.
He sells insurance for Metropolitan Life.
Where is it.
We go back seal it up again and come in tomorrow night   every night 'till we get out of here. There's gotta be a way. Those bats got out someplace. Now let's go. Doubletime.
Then we're outside the kogus. Then what.
What.
Whose.
His radio Back of his open radio 
That's a great philosophy.
Did you ask for bail.
Who got the Frenchman out.
Triad Chinese Mafia. They bring people from Yunan. Slave labor  Reverend Harry Wong a preacher had the flophouse fronting for them. No sign of him.
Shit.
H how do I get .
No you talkin' at me.
Look what you did. You stupid sonofa 
What.
Oh Jesus..
It doesn't matter all right. It's dead.
Someone'd have to go to the switchroom pull the coupling lever that'll send us left and to the elevator.
Hey hey.. Take it easy..
Even if they did  that's all we have isn't it.
How..
Just do it..
You the bug lady right.
I'm on it. Don't worry. Look Susan I don't mean to pry but  I kinda overheard you and Peter.
Watch your step Siri. Your grant could be on the line here.
I always say if you can't enjoy your own company you're not fit company for anyone else.
How long .
What are they .
If you wouldn't mind.
I don't have a title yet.
No what is it.
Well these are slum kids I was a slum kid everybody talks like that.
No. No it isn't it's  oh pooh I can't think of any words. Would great be insulting.
My pleasure.
Misery.
Perfect.
You want me to burn my book.
You know Annie this book never would have survived without you. When it gets to new York there will be a big auction and whatever it brings we can split. God knows you're entitled to it.
Don't worry about that. You'll have total solitude so you can concentrate on your work.
Poor dear  Let's get you back in bed and I'll get them for you.
I want my pills NOW.
That's right  when I was growing up in Bakersfield my favorite thing in all the world was to go to the movies on Saturday afternoons for the chapter plays 
Don't be silly. Of course you can.
I said that.
A toast.
Well it certainly says you.
It is.
Oh no reason you keep me prisoner you make me burn my book you drive a sledgehammer into my ankles 
But the time is now. Soon others will come.
Hope not  if he is he's dead. Let's go to the newspaper office.
I'm not sure. Maybe nothing.
It's good you found it.
Not quite. I just called and they said he checked out five days ago. Isn't that a little strange.
Do you have any of those new Paul Sheldon books.
  right  don't go too far ahead of me now  
I don't know what to do about you Sean. I'm more than a bit muddled. I need time.
Oh no not at all. Maybe just a bit.
Not as much as you feel like hearing it.
Beats fighting the flu I'm here to tell you.
Oh. then you knew the only way could smuggle the live virus to the CDC scientists in Atlanta was by injecting himself and using his own bloodstream as a Petri dish doing it inside of twenty hours so he could take the anti virus and still have it be effective. You knew that while you were knocking him off and destroying the very thing you came for.
  or hard wired right. First line of perimeter defence'll run from the back of the dock to the front of the house. Whatever moves burps or bleep is gonna be picked up to a height of twenty feet. Basically impenetrable I'd say.
I'm not ready.
What can we do' mate.
No. You just looked as if you did.
There's not enough time in the world for any of it to be bad.
  this is very disconerting..
Working under adverse conditions. Highly adverse conditions.
That's because I'm on my back.
I'd like a little more conviction..
You've either got it or you don't. Let your conscience be your guide.
I don't.
And that's the only reason.
Affirmative.
Betting table twelve off the paddock. Nyah are you up to this.
Nyah it's very important not do anything to alarm Ambrose..
Why did you phrase it like that.
We could lock down passport control and all ports of authority but that won't stop Ambrose and beyond him we don't know who else we're looking for all terrorist bank accounts of which we're aware are stable. No deposits no withdrawals. Therefore no suspects.
We think we've got our finger on the buyer.
Why not. You've done just about everything else on this operation.
Yes he knew. Just..
No. After you've lived with <i>Chimera</i> for twenty hours nothing can save you. Not even <i>Bellerophon.</i>
Why not.
I kill Chimera at Biocyte and he's sitting on a cure without a disease.
No garage entrance. Lobby's protected by five guards on rotating patrol.
'If.' My my my the five hundred people on Bruny Island that you deliberately infected with <i>Chimera</i> needed it as well.
They'll kill me.
If you're gonna do this again Claire It's not gonna be on my watch.
Don't give me that. I was on the bridge.
Who is they.
I didn't say that.
You didn't have to   
Two cars. Where are you.
Ethan.
Yes.
Yes. I see your point.
Information.
Because if you knew what you were getting into you never would have done it.
Why don't you come back with me.
Mm   Hmmm 
I don't have to tell you what a comfort anonymity can be in my profession like a warm blanket. My deal with Job was subject to a successful boot scan. Obviously it didn't pass muster. Deal's off.
The possibility alone is worth ten million. Baggage car rack 3. Silver briefcase. Combination 314.
Bank.
You wish to meet Max. This is the price of admission.
Very well.
I don't know I had to go to Chicago again. You were in Kiev. You tell me.
Why not.
Isn't he chairing the Armed Services hearing.
If you were me Ethan who would <u>you</u> trust to make him believable.
I can sit up straight. I just can't..sit up straight very well. It's not important. I saw who shot me. Ethan I saw the mole. It was Kittridge. <i>Kittridge.</i>
I usually am.
Good luck.
Youíre wrong about one thing. Iím not the only one whoís seen you alive.
No I'm going.
Why you drinking so much.
And go to confession.
Johnny Cammareri. I think it's great and about time. What's she gonna do with the rest of her life she don't get married.
Ti amo.
In a month.
I brought you something.
I like your dress. It's very bright.
Yes.
Why.
I have no life.
That's it.
I don't care. I ain't no freakin monument to justice. I lost my hand I lost my bride. Johnny has his hand Johnny has his bride. You come in here and you want me to put away my heartbreak and forget.
I know that. I do what I want.
I like it well done.
He knew my husband who died.
Seven years ago.
I'm telling you your life.
Stop it.
Because I have no Luck.
I am looking where I should to become a bride.
Take it easy.
That you come with me tonight. Once. To the Opera.
You look beautiful. Your hair 
Marc Chagall. A Russian.
I don't know. For your hair. For your beautiful dress. For  you know I feel like a man again. You know I love the Opera. You know it's been a long time since I've been to the Opera.
I'm here.
The deal was if I came to the Opera with you you'd leave me alone forever.
I'm really afraid.
I'm afraid of who I am.
No.
No.
Good. We can get this out on the table. I'm Ronny Johnny's brother.
Loretta what are you talking about.
Right.
It's the oily fish tonight. Not before the plane ride.
She was too young for him.
How about a month from today.
Alright. A month. In a month.
I'll take care of it Johnny. I'll take care of the whole thing. All you have to do is show up.
We should talk alone.
Good. When you love them they drive you crazy cause they know they can. But you like him.
Just like your father. I lied to him. He thinks you came home last night.
Cosmo's cheating on me.
Upstairs. Johnny Cammareri showed up last night.
You gotta date.
Have you come to make peace with me.
It was a miracle.
That woman was a student of yours.
I'll remember that. What do you do.
Go ahead.
What you don't know about women is a lot.
I'm a little cold.
Sure.
Yes.
I live in a one bedroom apartment. What exactly does your husband do.
I am  And this my trusty servant Patsy. We have ridden the length and breadth of the land in search of knights who will join our court at Camelot.. I must speak with your lord and master.
What. Ridden on a horse.
Where did you get the coconuts.
What do you mean.
Well this is a temperate zone.
The swallow may fly south with the sun or the house martin or the plover seek warmer hot lands in winter yet these are not strangers to our land.
Am I right.
Well who is your lord.
We want.. a shrubbery.
You must return here with a shrubbery or else.. you shall not pass through this wood alive.
One that looks nice.
I am King Arthur and these are the Knights of the Round Table. Whose castle is this.
My liege.. forgive me..
No. Not the Knights Who Say Ni.
Greetings Tim the Enchanter.
Yes.
Bloody peasant.
Oh Did you hear that. What a give away.
Course it's a good idea.
The nose.
What is your name.
Ninepence.
Why.
Oh well.. er brave Concorde. You shall not have been fatally wounded in vain.
Well I'm really am most awfully sorry but I.. I can explain everything..
Is it.
But Mother..
I'm.. your son..
Well.. I'll tell you..
And make sure he doesn't leave.
No I want you to stay here and make sure he doesn't leave the room until I get back.
Sir Galahad..
Well.. yes.. but I hadn't realised..
That rabbit's got a vicious streak. It's a killer.
Bravely ran away away.
Aye. Then she's obviously not got enough to do.
Aye but will they.
I'm on ninety pounds a year plus seventy pounds for a pile of tartan I'd be wearing anyway. That's as much as a Page of the Back Stairs gets and that job's only for toffs. I'm Her Majesty's Highland Servant. Indoors and Out. There's no stopping me now.
Come on man I'm telling you what you already know.
She means it.
I can't move to tidy.
Yeah yeah I did.
Good. She's a good girl. Aren't you. Yeah she's a lovely girl. And you know the Queen's riding tomorrow.
I tell you if we don't stick together on this you could find yourself First President's Opposition. Du Royaum Uni.
But mama the room was built expressly for that purpose. It has been a smoking room by tradition ever since father   
Brown's responsibilities are onerous enough already. He has far too much to do without having to stay up all night waiting for you to go to bed. The smoking room will be closed and the lights put out at twelve o'clock.
Not now he doesn't. This is my place.
I came down at the Queen's request. I'll take my orders from her.
There are important papers from   
I don't think about it.
To have achieved one's ambition or to have reconciled oneself to its limits is a lifetime's work.
I do not do it for others. But Ponsonby thinks they are good.
Just say what you have to say woman. What other people think shouldn't matter to you.
The threat from the Irish is greatly exaggerated I'm sure.
Have I ever let you down before 
   You stand there and tell me it is my duty.. after all you promised me.
Because I have to.
I beg your pardon.
You can't know that for sure.
She's refusing to leave Balmoral.
What is he doing there.
I made no request to go out riding today. How long has he been there.
Why was I not told earlier.
Why.
He thought perhaps Your Majesty might wish to be informed of the latest developments in government.
Sure. Every game's got 'em. I'll start with the schematics. I can print these up if you want.
And maybe you've been taking too many drugs.
Neither are we. Something's wrong with the game Mr. Difford.
What's her problem.
Funny.
You imagined it.
Call the others. Laurie Benz 
All of them.
Nick what is it.
 but then it hits the relay stations 
And beat it at it's own game.
You realize that in order to do that we'd actually have to play the game.
I can't believe you made it.
I know.
Sure. Never come back. Disappear forever.
Oh God oh god 
I miss you so much Alex. I want so much to be with you 
Who fired everyone.
I'm going home Cynthia.
I know. Where are you Adam.
Will you meet with him.
That a man's attitude determines to a large extent how his life will be.
Okay I'm thinking.
Well I..
Have many famous actors and actresses lived here. I was meaning to ask you that.
Honey all the great ones came through here at one time or another.
I was afraid of that.
It's all right gorgeous. Something wrong.
I think so. I was just taking a shower.
Yes.
I came back. I thought that's what you wanted.
Yes there was.
I I mean  I it's none of my business.
She has pretty red hair  she is very kind I think.
I think I've been hurt.
I'm not. I don't know what my name is. I don't know who I am..
So  surprise 
What about you. What will your dad think about you.
I'm all right.
Okay.
Hey let's introduce the brand new you to Hollywood. We haven't seen the roof garden yet.
And who are we auditioning for today.
Gotta keep an eye on her that's all.
Embezzling I'm not embezzling
Maybe not but he is and fucking him makes you an accessory. He stole your passwords.
We have to climb up that.
So what do we do
NO I wouldn't do that.
Then he isn't embezzling either is he
At the subway station we can get into a power duct that my little shit head of an assistant doesn't know about.
I'd say about thirty to forty minutes. Give or take a few.
Doesn't anyone notice all the people missing
This is New York. No one notices anyone. Not even when someone disappears. At first it was the guy who was caught trying to steal McCay's Jag. Then it was dirty accountants that tried to walk away with millions. The Old Man got such a rush from it I thought that he would start trying to send me people who used the copier after hours.
Okay.
Fine 
Apparently pretty high we just got a new CEO last week.
That's a shame.
Yeah a real shame.
Hey Hey
I told him not to sit down in there ..
What the fuck are you talking about.
It's my control board and I don't want it acting squirrelly because you dropped a few crumbs into the keyboard no put the shit away.
Yes sir Mom.
Not down here. I'll start trusting you when I feel there the time is right. It's not personal it's just survival.
So
Checking .. Hah He has a shit load of unpaid parking tickets 
Yeah but we're talking 43.
Excuse me sir
Sir I came from the Chicago offices myself and if I may say sir there are still some very good .
We will start work on it now sir.
I have to say that I am glad you are such an amazing kiss ass.
I have entrusted you with a great many things. In your tenure with this company you have seen and heard things that could upset the very economic world in which we live. I think this kind of loyalty should be rewarded.
Bruce may still refuse. It is my belief that he is becoming more belligerent.
Only that you were one of the finest hit men in the mob. That if you wanted a good clean kill that Johnny Tortelli was the man for the job.
Then what do you want
No I am not.
I'm listening.
I don't know ..
I can see that but where
Thanks.
Yahoo .
Which one this door is locked
We just having our first date when you showed up.
How's your foot This guy tried to kill us and he put us in this place and you want to know how his foot is
Good morning.
Actually it's down2 from the last quarters highest but I think it will pick up.
I disagree. I think we should start looking into the severance pay schedules and make sure the people with families can ..
No they're not. I wanna be a writer I wanna be just like you.
Humph meee.. My dear this is not a country that rewards poetry this is a country that rewards gas mileage besides people don't read poetry anymore they watch television. Don't be a poet be a TV repairman.
Where is he.. He was supposed to meet me.
My only problem is that your Uncle Phil is giving me five bucks to pick you up but I don't get paid 'till delivery.
Yeah well I don't think you're very grateful. A lot of people in your position would say &quot;thank you&quot;.
Me I'll know.
Pommeroy he may or may not be driving a black 54 Ford Pickup. Monday.
She just had a baby that's all.
Well you should at least try a little bit.
Are you saying my mother had another husband.
Oh she's great she's a little crazy though. Anyway Hillary said that you had a black Ford truck and this policeman I know got in touch with Motor Vehicles and he gave me your address and here I am.
I told you it was a long story.
More than anything in the world.
It's good to see Maggie again and you.
Wait woah woah wait a minute Do you think I'm your father.
oh.
It's just a corpse.
He likes you.
Hi wanna help me pick out wallpaper for my new room tomorrow.
Well I'm not supposed to talk about it but since I'm gonna write about it I might as well tell you. She was a spy against the Russians.
It's no problem I had a mother once myself.
I want juice.
MOM.
I got it all figured out I know she went to Wilson High School so first thing tomorrow I'm gonna go there and get a copy of her yearbook. That way I can get the names of all the people she was in clubs with and found out who her friends were.
What difference does it make.
It's the leather bindings I love the fragrance of vintage books.
Who are you. Hitler's hall monitor.
Oh no wait I like that you bought me here.
Don't force it you'll break it.
Just give it to me..
 I dropped it.
Jerk. You IDIOT 
Here's Judy Garland.
Yeah I guess sort of.
Oh no we wouldn't be from the same bloodlines or anything. We'd be like two total strangers who accidentally had relatives that got married.
Like what.
You better ace it you sacrificed our whole vacation.
You mean it wasn't that terrible.
Phil I think you should consider  fades as Vada walks off
He was very polite worth the entire five dollars.
That's ridiculous I'm I'm very umm what do you call it.
Don't worry I'll do it in my own subtle way.
Then we'll keep driving you'll decide.
You know where the fire extinguisher is.
You like the way I cook you think I make out a great invoice. PHIL You and Nick and and this this garage are my whole life I love you. Sure you don't have the greatest taste in music but there's not another woman who could look so sexy in that smock. What I'm try  what I'm trying to sa 
Nothing nothing at all.
Oh ahh oil change I ehh I just drove in from Chicago and uhh nice hair.
Something wrong.
Well even without anesthesia I always tell my patients to eh  to relax.
I know I guess it's just sort of preparing you for the rest of your life. It's not easy being a woman.
Well it must mean something. She was obviously very sentimental.
Uncle Phil just needed a change a little adventure.
Hey. Oh look.
Vada..
I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday.
The boss is watching us 
Yeah all right 
It's there.
What Hurts Vada.
The bee stings. I can't breathe.
Oh Hi what can I do for you.
I wrote that.
Okay.
No why.
Goodnight.
Yeah me too mind if I tag along.
Not at all. Lot of potatoes.
Look you're not gonna take Shelly's camper.
I would never marry anybody I didn't love.
Stop hiding Harry you run Harry. When I first came here the idea of working with dead people didn't exactly thrill me but when I saw a family lived here I thought &quot;if I'm living without a family at least I can work with one and maybe once in a while i'll be invited in for supper.&quot;
Hey guess what. We're going to the carnival tonight be ready to go in 10 minutes.
Feeding my fish.
I forgot about that picture where did you find it.
Ahh that little Chevy was your mothers favorite car.
Yes I did very much for a long time and even now I get a little sad when I think of a pretty flower or a sunset that your mother would have liked.
I think every time I see a climbing tree i'll think of Thomas J.
Did you not tell Vada I'm a womanizer huh.
Oh she's picking you up good you're on the right track.
I wrote a poem too.
Yes I do and I think she's very good for your father.
I'm not upset. I will never play with those girls. I only surround myself with people who I find intellectually stimulating.
So how come you're putting lipstick on.
Do you like putting makeup on people.
I'm eleven and a half.
I'll pay it back besides I don't think i'll ever go to class again.
Nothing in particular just putting it away for a rainy day.
Oh wow a real evil canieval.
Big deal I can do that too. Thomas J you got something.
If I do it can we go.
No. Grammoo said she's in heaven.
What.
That doesn't sound so bad come on we'll never find that streamer.
Go 
For their meat.
Hi wanna ride bikes.
Sure.
I don't like her.
Then go home baby.
Uh huh.
No he's ruining yours.
It's called the Law of Love asshole.
The man you love.
I can't even say it.
Tell him you're afraid of love. Afraid of needing.
Needing.
Uh. How about promoting a bridesmaid. Someone you know for at least forty five minutes.
A trademark move don't touch it.
Do you get nervous in small confined spaces.
Let me rephrase that 
But nothing ever could ever did give me a moment's pause about this marriage 
Hello.
Exactly what.
This must be  very very hard on him.
What with the psychosis and all yeah.
I love him.
Nice meeting you too Walt.
But they're so down to earth such wonderful people 
Dance. You don't dance. You learn to dance..
I got the point.
Michael it sounds like a wonderful opportun 
No. I've got you.
I'll check. I have it on powerbook these days.
Yeah Kim told me they were giving you their Dueling Scarlet's act. Actually they're sophomores at Juilliard.
  maybe it's congratulations.
I didn't know it would get sent. I just wanted you to  get mad at Kimmy  and 
It's two weeks.
If you find her 
And what am I supposed to do with my life huh. I am 28 years old. I work in a low paying low status zero respect job which unfortunately I happen to fucking love. How inconvenient.
Damn straight it's how I feel. What's their wedding gift a little gold collar that says Mikey poo. Or do I have to change my name to Binky.
I'll tell Ester she'll be thrilled I saw you again.
Oh sure.
Barnett John Triplette. How's she doing.
Well it's probably because it would help him.
They can come to the concert in the park.
Third party.
I don't care. She's always been neutral in politics and that's not going to change.
Whose.
How much.
Haven Hamilton is your father. Can you arrange an interview.
Your brother.
Business School so I can run Haven's business.
How in the world did he get shot.
Sure do. Good friend of Haven's.
Haven's not going to talk to me.
Yes sir. I need a room
Glad to see you. Ester'll be glad too.
I'1l get your bag.
She's been in the hospital two weeks yesterday.
Who's that.
How do you know.
Sixty three.
I've been so worried dear. where are you.
Oh  Well.
How are you going to pay when you get sick.
Yes. Who's this.
Hi.
Who is this. It's Tom.
Older.
I'm twenty eight
Oh.
I'm forty six. Do you like to go up or down.
Not me. Ain't never loved anybody. Ain't never been married. Won't either.
Eight thirty in the chapel.
How much.
Hello.
You're doing some recording here aren't you.
What.
Where are you going.
Depends on what I'm studying.
Oh yea There has never been a better time for something new.
Well you just remember if you can't kick front kick back 'cause at least you're kicking  Ten minutes okay.
You think I should take lessons.
You think it will.
What 
Which do you recommend.
Grace. I'd like to talk to you about your murdered brother Tim if you feel up to it.
The prison board made the decision. A board of which I belong. We're the who. The why is simple. Mickey and Mallory are mentally ill and need to be under a doctor's care where hopefully they'll receive the help they need.
Mickey and Mallory were deemed competent in a mental examination before their trial. I'm confused. What's changed.
When they were found competent before they had already killed fifty people. Other than the fact they're a disciplinary problem which frankly shouldn't surprise anyone I still don't see where this situation is any different then it was before. So I ask you again Mr. McClusky what's changed.
Now that you bring it up yes. They were different men. I hadn't really thought that much about it. Since many psychiatric opinions are by a rule sought out for this kind of situation. What do you think normally happens. The Knoxs are assigned a family psychologist that takes care of them throughout the rest of their lives. The state doesn't work like that.
How's it goin'.
I've never wounded anything in my life. I got you locked right between the eyes.
What.
Then was it worth it.
Tell me about the purity.
I'm sure we will.
Okay let's cut it.
Could I get a Coke for Mickey.
On average forty million.
Are you kidding. The Golden Globe The Edward R. Murrow award 
Without any further ado Mickey and Mallory 
No fuckin' way.
They're shocking the world into remembering the primal law.
They actually apologized.
This is Raymond Burr witnessing the destruction of Tokyo by Godzilla.
Roger no.
What's the big deal. Take out my chocolate cream filled put one of these roasted coconut   
Roger do you understand what the word 'no' means. It's important we establish a rapport. Something as simple as a dozen donuts can mean the world to somebody who hasn't had a donut in a year.
I assigned you Bingham and Washington to go along.
Fucking dammit. Mickey hold onto that thought. Reload quick.
Super cool. This is great stuff. How ya doin'.
Phil I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place. They hate him. He hates them. What kinda intimacy am I gonna create with all this hate in the air. Even you and I feel it.
I'll cut it in half. Four guys but that's it.
Chill out Phill. Four deputies and you I can live with that. We're about ready to go here so let's get rid of these other assholes.
What d'you say Duff.
So it wasn't funny huh. Well I thought it was. What d'you say Barney. Wasn't it funny..
Like where.
Would you like me to say anything tomorrow.
I don't know. Forty eight I guess.
That's right. How' you doin' Barney.
Yeah I been there.
Oh yeah. That's good.
I'll have me some of that punch there too.
No.
Yeah and you keep not answerin' too.
I mean you're kind of cut off aren't you.
I see. That beer made me dizzy.
Don't Duff  
Well my mother was the only good teacher the colored school ever had. Nobody bothers with those kids.
That's why you come back huh.
What d'you mean.
Why did you.
No I ain't married. Well good bye.
I'm just going in to do my shopping.
You know I been thinkin'   how 'bout us gettin' married.
It'll be fine when we get done with it.
Oh really. I thought it was pretty good.
Well if you don't know I can't tell you.
Uh huh. Why.
My father's never done a thing for any of them.
What about your boy.
How come you keep askin'.
I'm telling you baby maybe we better get out of here.
Watch out.
You're not a man because of a job Duff.
'Got a good thing man.
Who're you.
Great.
That's right.
Beat it.
Didn't I tell you to beat it   huh.
Don't do her no good to go into a tree.
I said she's in great shape.
How 'you gonna live.
I can always chop cotton if I have to. If you want a ride I'll take you home.
Hell I'm just like him.
How are you.
And since we're talking my wife and I don't want you hanging around our daughter.
You'll be in trouble son. Now just how do you intend to support your family.
Don't you get smart with me boy.
You can be cocky now boy. But you won't make it. You won't last. I just feel sorry for Josie. I knew it wouldn't work out.
'Musta knocked her up.
What d'you know about women Pop.
Well I got married to one of them.
Is that right. Think you're gonna make it with her.
What's the matter.. You mad at me.
Nothin'. She's all right. Wouldn't have made it without her. Christ   haven't worked in eight months. Right now I'm waitin' for some insurance money. And man when I get it I got plans to make me some more. Let's get out'a here. This place gives me the willies. You got some money.
Let's stay here Will.
Since when.
I'm still on my honeymoon.
I'm fine.
Don't play with me.
My man's coming to get my ass out of here. That's good enough for me.
Splendid. We'll prepare a welcome for them.
What about her.
Skeleton key. This opens the gates of Babylon.
You've got an expensive razor girl on me for a reason. I'd like to hear what it is.
Put the Sense/Net Police on it. The matrix is their turf.
Anything rated higher than a P.C.'s got a hard wired suicide switch. It'll self  destruct.
You'll be ready for a trial run in two days. If your splices hold you'll use McCoy to trace the A.I.'s coordinates.
Did you trace it.
You see the couple up in the balcony.
Good question. He may not have intended to. The girl in question is Lady 3Jane. She's very important to us. The third clone of Lady Jane Tessier.
The words.
We're dead men if we go back there Maelcom. They'll hunt us down.
Not unless you have an unreasonable fear of dying.
The run is tomorrow night Dixie. Can you crack its ice pattern.
Well it ain't exactly a bed of roses down here. We gonna run or not.
Not for long. It needs me alive and I still need its access code. You got a better idea.
Less than thirty minutes.
You'd better be Bro. You better be.
This thing's loaded with internal virus systems. You'll fry like an egg in there.
You set me up from the beginning. It was you that got Julius killed.
You know why Linda's dead. She loved you and you let her down. It's that simple. Of course I did instigate certain events. Calculated the variables. I found her to be  expendable.
For someone else. Bodyguard. Courier  Whatever.
I'm not jacking with Armitage and his quacks breathing down my neck.
Won't that mean you're dead.
Dixie McCoy didn't.
Not when Sense/Net throws the going away party. They'll be on our asses from now on.
Yeah  Yeah I'm fine.
Something exotic I hope.
What went down between you and Riviera.
Until Guy tells them to go. Once they watched me for like two hours. I found my car the next day in the T.J. Maxx parking lot.
Why do they listen to Guy.
Thanks.
Sure. No problem.
Roger in Op/Ed. Don't make me send you another memo about my policy on inter office dating.
Listen I don't have any plans   you want some help.
Well. I like a man who gets to the point.
Who told.
Jos   Maybe you should turn it down.
Bridgework.
You need my help.
So. You and Roger in Op/Ed.
Gus I the popular kids and I we just don't  I mean I don't think I can do this.
Depend on it. No s. Your subject is plural.
OUT.
I'll tell you a story. It's about this shy copy editor who makes a mockery of herself and her boss when she completely botches her first assignment as a reporter.
Wow. That's big. I mean sex is a really big deal. You shouldn't do it until you know you've found the right person.
See.
I know this woman. She works in admissions at Lakeshore Community. She might be able to get you in for the Fall semester. Maybe she could get you the baseball scholarship and I could help and  
How can you just give up like that. You had a real shot at playing college ball and you let one case of mono stop everything. Don't you want more. To move out of Mom and Dad's. Pay your own bills.
No. They're at the Franklin Hint Expo at the Skokie Holiday Inn.
I can't do this.
Is that true.
Yes. Exactly. Major Rufus.
Oh I don't think so.
Thank you.
Actually it's more the plunging head first into the crowd part that gets me.
No I'm alone.
It's weird because prom is actually from the word promenade. And you can't really promenade alone can you.
I did exist. I do exist. I'm the same person.
If you went away what would become of me.
I can't help it.
But I guess my best just isn't good enough.
Just me I suppose  I'm restless. I can't help it.
Nothing. W w what are you talking about.
No.
<i>     It's a bat.    Will it bend. It's a rat.    Will it break. Perhaps it's the head that I found in the lake.</i>
Maybe he doesn't know 
Oh come on Dad 
You know what I'm talking about. What did you use a fire cracker. A cherry bomb.
Ken.
Get outa here.
What about it.
Yeah why.
Schneider's always got a stick up his ass.
I'm scared Grady. I know it sounds crazy. But there's something trying to get into my body.
That's typical. I hope she didn't expect to make the best seller list with this thing.
World History. But I'll see you in the morning right.
I just got here myself. Went to the Public Library. Cut four classes.
I don't know   into the air I suppose.
Remember in the diary   Nancy said that she kept finding herself in a boiler room. Fred Krueger worked here. It's an old power  plant   a steam generator.
C'mon cut it out.
About what.
Oh Jesse 
We'll figure it out together. We'll stay up all night if we have to. I won't let anything happen to you.
I can't.
He wears a dirty brown hat. He's horribly burned. He has razors on his right hand.
Do you still see each other.
I was on the team at school. I was never very good though.
You did it the other night.
He's heavy in the halls 
He's too strong. He was never this strong.
Can't be good news coming from you.
So got the keys to heaven baby.
What.
Why is that.
She's been waiting outside your office since breakfast.
Restless. Very restless.
But I couldn't go until I told you how sorry I am for all the things I've done.
The nightmares are nothing but a symptom of their real problems.
That's right.
So do I.
Do you think we can get the Hypnocyl in by tomorrow.
Only if you're willing to put aside everything you've learned and trust me. Can you do that.
They burned him to death in his boiler room but they were smart enough to hide the remains.
She's been doing ground breaking research on pattern nightmares.
Of course.
Doesn't count. You gotta say the words.
In the name of Elric Prince of Elves demon begone.
I go to bed and get a new horse in the morning.
Oh sure. That's just the sorta thing parents tell their kids: Goodnight honey. Don't forget ot say your prayers. Oh by the way your father and I torched some maniac last night.
I'm a vegetarian.
And you. I'll wait till you've gone before I tell him you're a vegetarian.
I see friends from university clever chaps been in the business longer than you they're scraping by on seven eight thousand a year. It's no life. What sort of acting do you do.
No thank you. I need to get my car back.
I forgot my bag.
You played it pretty cool here waiting for three days to call.
And what happens next in the dream.
Thank you. You are 'Horse and Hound's' favorite actress. You and Black Beauty. Tied.
I'm sure it's all right. My friend Max is cooking and he's acknowledged to be the worst cook in the world but you know you could hide the food in your handbag or something.
Okay.
Well I've been on a diet since I was nineteen which means basically I've been hungry for a decade. I've had a sequence of not nice boyfriends one of whom hit me: and every time my heart gets broken it gets splashed across the newspapers as entertainment. Meantime it cost millions to get me looking like this 
She saw through me.
Your boyfriend.
Well there's a question without an interesting answer.
'Thank you.' How many mistake did I make.
Cartwright.
Brilliant. Word perfect I'd say.
Yes. Always have had.
You have a stunt bottom.
Right.
Who knows it may even help business. Buy a boring book about Egypt from the guy who screwed Anna Scott.
Well you know it's just one day. Today's papers will all have been thrown away tomorrow.
I only found out you were here yesterday.
Absolutely you're clearly very busy.
But  wait  there are things to say.
Fine. Everything much the same. When they change the law Spike and I will marry immediately. Whereas you  I've watched in wonder. Awards glory..
I see. That reality is a real 'no' isn't it.
I live in Notting Hill. You live in Beverly Hills. Everyone in the world knows who you are. My mother has trouble remembering my name.
Well don't over do it. I don't want people saying 'There goes that famous actor with the big fat girlfriend.
What's your name.
Down Kensington Church Street then Knightsbridge then Hyde Park Corner.
Oh God. Oh God. Oh Goddy God.
  get fired.
Yes they're shifting the whole outfit much more towards the trading side and of course  I was total crap.
In a depressingly asexual way.
Do you want to stay.
Yes sort of 
Is Miss Scott staying here.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing in fact I think it's something we should take pride in. I'm going to give the last brownie as a prize to the saddest act here.
Of course. And is he your favourite Italian film director.
The phone number of Anna Scott's agent in London and her agent in New York. You can ring her. You think about her all the time now you can ring her.
How you doing. I thought you guys all wore those penguin coats.
Okay take a seat. I'll check.
Right right. Ahm did you enjoy making the film.
Ahm right right I liked the bit in space very much. Did you enjoy making 	that bit.
Yes better get me a half. All I can afford.
Definitely no comment.
That's not fair.
So not over her in fact.
Point taken.
Well there you go. On for a video fest tonight. I've got some absolute classic.
Yes she is fairly fabulous.
Which was.
I don't want to interfere or anything.. but she's split up from her boy  friend that's right isn't it.
Right. Right. You think it's the wrong moment. Fair enough. Do you mind if I have a go.
I mean the other day you made an allusion to my wife and the possible sexual problems we might be having. I know that to be the case but the way in which you broached it if that's your idea of teaching me something 
Billy were you afraid of her or of her love.
Billy that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly 
Sh sh she did. Everybody did.
M M Muh Muh McMurphy.
Yes ma'am.
Go on 
So do I.
I'm sorry Mister McMurphy but you must have a majority to change ward policy.
Yeah that's kind of crazy ain't it.
No it was irresponsible.
Ma'am I'm as gentle as a puppy dog. Why I haven't licked the tar out of an aide for two weeks. Hi ya Doc.
Th th then y y you're n n not m m mad.
Wh wh wh wh 
Shhh 
Fuck Miss Ratched.
Just fine Billy boy just fine. Full of piss an' vinegar. They checked my plugs and cleaned my points 
Goddammit you sly son of a bitch. Does anybody else know.
That okay. I'll take your marker. How many ya want.
Yeah Mack what is it.
Charlie ya can't ever let those goons outta ya sight. Understand.
Come here a minute Cheswick. You too Sefelt. Hey all you guys come over here I wanna show you somethin'.
Tell 'er to go straight to hell.
So long Freddy. Don't take any wooden nickles.
What.
Did to me.
Lobotomy.
Well it doesn't hurt him either. Does it Chief. See it doesn't hurt him. Jump. An' put it in.
Why not.
Okay Martini. That's okay. Now you watch me.
Yeah it's cold.
Hold it.
Why I'll betcha there must be a million albacore and tuna running of the coast right this minute.
Well according to the Warden at Pendleton you were a disturbing influence on others. 'It appears that there is a potential in him for instigating a revolt among the other inmates.' What do you think of that report.
No this is my first trip Doc.
It is worth considering  Miss Ratched.
No Mister McMurphy it's just that we cannot offer you the guidance and assistance that you would receive at Pendleton.
Replacement coming in. Harding out.
Stay back. Patients aren't allowed to enter the  Oh stay back.
Because I quit breathing.
Yeah you don't know how to get outta this place.
How much ya wanna bet.
Ten bucks.
I'm not going back in there. I told ya this was a one way trip. Now stand aside.
Hallelujah brother now get back in bed.
Ah'm on my knees brother ah'm on my knees.
Miss Itsu. In here please.
Hi.
Why my head would just squash like an eggplant McMurphy.
Thank you ma'am
The lights were flashing on and off Mister Turkle.
Ah no ma'am  well yes ma'am  A man get awful lonely at night if ya know what Ah mean ma'am 
What's that.
Oh no Miss. Not these loonies. These are nice guys. Nice guys.
Well I'm running a risk by letting you in Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean 
Your grandmother.
Once they pay the bill we don't usually follow them.
Because.
No.
I'm engaged. I'm supposed to be married in two days.
Okaaaaayyyy.
But Faith  
He's not in at the moment. Can I take a message.
Well he'd have to hurry. My flight leaves at four o'clock.
Why are you asking me this.
Look Peter I don't hate you. But what we had was an illusion. Mutual wishful thinking. We both wanted to believe it for awhile but it was all founded on a lie.
Who says I don't love him .
You found him. I don't know how to thank you.
I feel like the world's biggest idiot.
Well. Congratulations.
You want a hint. I'll give you a hint. You are the lowest most despicable most reprehensible form of reptilian swine  
Reptilian swine. There's no such thing. Reptiles aren't swine.
No it isn't. I called off my wedding all because of you.
Just since yesterday.
Brunello di Montalcino '85 please.
Yeah. He's around somewhere.
I think if you're honest with yourself you'll admit you've had a chance at a number of Amana appliances in your lifetime.
Just that they came out of somebody's experience is all.
Is he married.
I think it was sweet of him to pick it out.
That's where you're wrong. I got one nine years ago. I just never had an opportunity to use it.
Maybe.
What.
The guy at the desk said he only left about a half hour ago right.
Only it's in Italian 
You think he misses me at all.
You know when Larry and I got married I thought we were so lucky we found each other so early. People talk about spending their lives together how many of them really get to. But maybe I was wrong. Maybe sooner or later everything wears out.
And then  we rent a truck or a car either one and we set up a loudspeaker and we drive through the surrounding areas and we page him.
I meant about my idea.
I think it's time we got some professional help.
But how could he know. He only just met me.
I know but 
Peter. Peter was a mistake. An imposter.
I'm sure. And Kate thank you for coming. Thank you for being such a good friend.
Uh huh  Okay we'll be there. How is he anyway.
So. I guess I've got a wedding to go to.
He's gone. He told me what happened. He just left for the airport.
A porco.
What do the years matter. I've known you for centuries 
Right.
It's not exploitation. These people wanna sell and I wanna buy. How are golf clubs exploitation. She takes one night class and suddenly she's a socialist.
We're all desperate for the money doll. That's what made this country great. Back me up on this Candy am I right.
Good strategy.
Do you know I wasn't even supposed to be in Rome. My boss was supposed to come to this conference and at the last minute he got the measles. The measles. Who gets the measles at forty three. So they sent me. And I wasn't supposed to be in that piazza that night either. I'd gone to the movies only it was sold out. So I was wandering around. Just wandering  When I got hit in the head with this shoe.
Mania.
Whatever. And I thought please God give me a sign give me some way to keep this woman from getting into that taxi and disappearing from my life forever. And He did. She told me the name. Granted it wasn't my name but it was a start.
I'd get over there Terry. I'll take the little lady home.
Talk louder. I can't hear you.
Sure we keep records.
Listen kid I'm a soft tough too. Ask any rummy on the dock if I'm not good for a fin any time they put the arm on me. But my old lady raised us ten kids on a stinkin' watchman's pension. When I was sixteen I had to beg for work in the hold. I didn't work my way up out of there for nuthin'.
It's a living.
We got a little extra detail for you. The local priest and this Doyle girl are getting up a meeting in the church. We'd like a rundown on it. You know names and numbers of all the players. You're nominated.
Johnny does you favors kid. You got to do a little one for him once in a while.
Nothing ever stops you from talking Charley.
That's right 
Don't say that.
The point is— there isn't much time kid.
What do you weigh these days slugger.
Why Edie I—
They play pretty rough.
I better see you get there.
Everybody knew him. He got around.
The thought I'm tryin' to get over is you grew up beauteeful. Remember me.
Maybe they just didn't know how to handle you.
Want to go out and have one with me.
Hit me again Mac.
A dive. You mean into the water.
I'm not lookin' to get crucified. I'm lookin' to stay in one piece.
What do they do for you except get in your way.
Much more Terry. Much much more.
I don't rate it.
You 
It's you who's being hurt. By keeping it inside you like a poison. Sooner or later it's got to come out.
I don't want to see you killed. I want to live with you. Live with you. Any place it's safe to walk the streets without 
Terry for God's sake.
Terry .
Who is he. Edie you're so softhearted and soft headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is. The kid brother of Charlie the Gent Johnny Friendly's right hand a butcher in a camel hair coat.
Six toed cats. Assyrians. Abyssinians. It's the same difference. Well don't think this Terry Malloy is any six toed cockeyed Assyrian. He's a bum. Charley and Johnny Friendly owned him when he was a fighter and when they ring the bell he still goes into action.
I don't get it.
What did you say.
Take it easy.
What.
I told you lay off.
Easy that new checker faked the receipt. Here it is boss.
Aw you know I don't like to count Johnny.
Thirty six— sev— aah I lost the count.
Nothing happened Johnny.
Nothing happened he says. Some operator you got yourself there Charley. One more like him and we'll all be wearing striped pajamas.
Oh he did. Half an hour later a certain Timothy J. Nolan went into secret session with the Commission and he did all the talking.
You mean Kayo Nolan the old timer. He doesn't know much.
Listen Johnny—
Come on. I want you. You're mine. You're mine. Come on.
Not that free.
Go on beat it.
Keep Charley out of this.
You wouldn't understand. Seeing a cemetery on a night like this can stir in the mind the best ideas for a good horror story.
Something's making that music.
What do you mean.
I am  It's our only chance.
I'm frightened. I'm so frightened.
You do.
All right. Put it on heavy.
Thank you Master. Thank you.
Aaahhnnnahnnnn.
Didn't you tell me one time calls aren't monitored.
What happened to Mandrake the Magician.
And the one driving the other car.
What're you talking about.
Yes.
Huh. Problem is Jack's idea of a normal life is robbing banks. It's all he's ever done.
Till they got busted.
Who are you.
Yeah I was Emil's box jumper for almost four years.
That's the turnpike up there. Glenn's waiting with the other car.
How 'bout the score was his idea to begin with.
His idea. Gimme a break. Fuckin' guy's got a vacant lot for a head. Was you and me figured the whole thing out.
We'll leave first thing in the morning.
He's gotta know by now that I gave him up back at Glades. He does he's gonna try to find me. Maybe go see Adele see what she knows.
Now you're talkin'.
Let's drive by where we're meeting and have a look. Maybe take a look at Ripley's place while we're at it.
No doubt the man's got some big ass security system.
They put a gun on you you still have a choice don't you.
I get that feeling yeah.
I don't ski.
You remember Buddy don't you Richard.
And then they'll kill 'em.
Have you ever shot a man. How many times have you been primary through the door.
Oh. Then this must be Adele 
Yeah. And I thought everyone liked Eddie.
Detroit you must be pretty busy.
Listen Raymond a year ago DEA had this guy Glenn Michaels on possession with intent but couldn't make it stick. In his statement Glenn said he went up to Detroit to visit a friend and look into job opportunities if you can believe that.
I don't smoke.
Glenn didn't tell you.
I wasn't asking permission.
So you've done this before huh.
Nervous.
<i>Network</i>. Yeah she was good.
Bleeding on a country road.
Nothing.
Really. He has a cop's face.
I just thought maybe you and me could  
It smelled.
How far do we go with this.
She did huh.
I don't know. I hadn't worked that part out yet. All I knew was that I liked you and I didn't want to leave you there never see you again.
I don't think we should get into that.
What're you now a desperado. Put the guns down.
You know what I mean.
You're in civilization now man ease up.
I'd like you to go wait in the car. How's that. Take her with you and put her in back.
In the trunk.
Oh uh right thanks 
Must be a real soft pillow.
I know what you're talking about.
Of course not.
Plus even it was true he'd still have to figure out where I keep 'em.
Hey Jack. Bullshit. I didn't make my first million until I was forty  two. Forty two. You really <u>want</u> to change it's never too late.
What's to think about.
Maurice Miller couple of his friends.
What's it mean No Hair.
Jesus I don't believe it.
Listen these guys they're gonna be out here any minute looking for me. They're fucking animals.
Sure right they see Bigfoot driving around a black guy wearing shades and a lavender fucking bandanna no they won't think anything of it.
I'll show you soon as I get one more guy I'm gonna need Moselle's brother Kenneth. Along with White Boy there.
Just a minute.
Which one is that. The ATF guy.
Oh he's moved out.
Then they're not separated are they.
No thanks.
No.
Foley <i>kid</i>napped me.
The combination is three ten forty four.
What the hell happened to you guys.
Well you p puked on his feet.
You guys get those. Earl Rafe come with me.
I'm sorry Danny but they're only accepting the best pilots.
I have to talk to Evelyn. And I want you to meet her.
Let's go get a drink. Unless you're scared to talk about it.
I'm saying now you do know. So it's time for you to fuck off.
I guess I'm used to it. I've felt like throwing up every minute since you got back.
I'd like to bomb their Emperor too. But I think that'd just piss 'em off. The idea here Gentlemen is not revenge. We're here to prove to them that they're neither invincible nor superior. So let's try this again. Military targets only.
Never Sir. I just meant it's dangerous only for the kind of pilot who wants to show off rather than inspire the other pilots in his unit. And all you've done for me Sir working out the transfer I did it to say thanks. To honor you Sir. What the French call a homage.
Thank you Sir.
Sorry to trouble you.
Nice to meet you Betty.
I had to tell you in person. Because there's something else I need to say.
I'm just so amazed so glad to know that you're okay. You are okay aren't you.
Of course I forgive you. I know what you feel for Danny is real. And your choice is your choice.
The second wave has not returned. And we have no idea where their carriers are. What is the damage report.
God help them.
The Council knows I have opposed fighting the Americans. No matter how great our resolve they have resources beyond ours. If we must go to war there is only one way deal them a blow from which it will take them years to recover. In that time we can conquer all of the Pacific and they will have no choice but to ask for peace.
It's her 18th birthday I want to show her off.
It wouldn't be a lodge without hats.
Why are you so nervous. What is the matter with you today.
Wouldn't we all.
That's because you' re not a total moron like they are.
Michael Fitzsimmons. Is he here.
I mailed it to you on Wednesday.
I don't buy them anymore. You were the only one who drank them.
No. You are the undead. You will live forever if you give me your Twinkie. Come on let's have it. You hate them anyway.
You know. About what we said on Tuesday. It makes a lot of sense.
Would you.
Is this slow enough for you.
Seriously. What's it like to be eighteen.
Save it.
I have to talk to you..
I wanted to talk to you and I have one last thing to take care of at school. Then I'm going to  Good dog Rusty. Good dog.
Hey. I guess there's a lot of things we don't know about each other.
That's real big of you.
But I love you. I'll love you forever.
I'll love you too Charlie. I'll love you for twenty years.
I'll just set it right here.
I'll never give up.
Touchy touchy.
Okay.
What why.
That's a day's work. But if that's what you want maybe we can do it tomorrow for your birthday.
My children make me happy. I miss them so much. Beth. Scott and Beth. I'm going to name my daughter after you.
Gilfond's okay except he thinks Hemingway's great Literature.
A writer's life is his work. Jack Kerouac doesn't have to kill a bull to have something to write about. He's out there feeling burning  grooving on life.
The world is fantastic. It's the ultimate absurd circus. I am shot from a cannon into the energy.
Yes. We had a glorious night together. One day you'll remember and write about it.
Do you know how ridiculous you sound. First of all it's illegal for U.S. citizens to buy gold. And in the second place the price of gold is regulated by the government.
I've heard just about enough of this lunacy. Go to your room.
It's hard to believe you're going to be eighteen. Want an eskimo pie. Or a creamsicle. I'd come home from the store and there's little you running up to me. I'd give you a dime and you'd promise never to grow up.
The hat business is in trouble.
Oh no.
Of course dear. You're home now.
What about.
The house payments.
I had a dream that Grandma died.
Well she is getting on but she's fine. I told her you weren't feeling well yesterday. She called to find out how you are.
That's a good girl  I hate to see you so upset. Tell me sweetheart. Are you having problems with Charlie. You mentioned something this morning.
You accepted an invitation Maddy's one of your best friends and I baked the Rice Krispie squares.
Yeah I know Peggy Sue gets married. Case closed. Period. Mom if you could live your life over again would you do the same thing. Get married and settle down after high school.
Teenagers are weird. And you're the weirdest.
I spend three hours a day practicing. I have trainers I know what I'm doing.
I'm not doing any tutoring this year. I'm too busy.
Okay. I promise.
This is serious. Nobody can know. Ah I've returned from the future. I traveled back here 25 years.
You're giving me the creeps.
What if you're not here tomorrow.
Are you talking ~about exercise. Like gym.
All right. These are the choices: microwave ovens pocket calculators Walkmans digital watches and miniature TV's.
Yep. It's going to be a law. I broke up with Charlie last night.
It was an unfair fight. He didn't have a chance. I'm taking a real gamble. I loved him for a long long time.
Like what.
Peggy Sue Kelcher. Or Peggy Bodell. I'm not sure.
God dammit. How'm I gonna got out of here.
You can't. You're going to be Valedictorian.
I suppose so.
God damn it Gus you dug up my wife. What the fuck is going on around here..
It sucked.
I still can't believe she's dead 
There's a better place 
You have to bury your own. That's the way the Indians did it. It's like a rule 
Dies.
I came back for you Geoff. We're going to be together again.
Andy do you know who reps Kronos Inc..
You'll have to get right on it Andy we're up against the statute of limitations.
I don't know what to do Bob.
So what. It's nothing to be ashamed of. You have nothing to be ashamed of okay.
I am relaxed.
One hour.
I have too much work to do. Skip the treatment.
You don't think there's much time left do you.
I'm not going to die.
You want me to give up. Let this thing turn us into <u>victims</u>.
Whatever.
I have AIDS.
One week old.
Your  lover.
We're friends of Beckett's.
Do you  pray.
What have you prayed for.
You're ready don't worry.
What impressed you about him.
It's possible I was infected with the HIV virus at that time but I wasn't diagnosed until several years later.
Can you explain <u>why</u> you didn't.
Thank you.
In some situations.
Really.
Hi Mom. It's me.
Hold on Mom. There's no way my client will go along with that.
Thanks Mom  Dad.
Objection.
Were you recently promoted.
I'll rephrase. Did you have anything to do with this file being  misplaced.
Wyant Wheeler represented us.
In a word yes.
People who want to bend the rules 
Would you like to have a drink with me. I just finished a game I could use a beer. I don't pick up people in drug stores every day.
Two men making love  Now tell me again  <u>why</u> is that disgusting.
Lisa c'mon. One guy sticking his dick in another guy's mouth. It's disgusting.
We stuck his head in the latrine after ten of us had used it.
But didn't you avoid contact with Ms. Torres after you found out she had AIDS. She says you acted repulsed by her and you avoided her is that correct.
Jesus.
No matter how hard I try I can't lose a file in my computer.
It was just somebody else. From the crash. He was just .
Look deeper.
Well guess if it was trickeration he'd just do me huh. Then again I am worth twice as much alive. Didn't know. Johns ain't a cop. Oh he's got that shiny badge an' all but nah he's just a merc and I'm just a payday. That's why he won't kill me. The creed is greed.
Confusin' me with Johns now fear was <u>his</u> monkey. I only deal in life and death. All that stuff in between. Some shade of grey my eyes don't see.
Got a better idea. Come with <u>me</u>.
No one's gonna blame you. C'mon. Take my hand and save yourself Carolyn.
Like the light is scalding it.
How many bottles.
Little swamp flu from the Conga system. Never shook it with all this cryo sleep.
Which means he went toward sunrise.
You see anybody else here. Just between you and me.
Shut up.
Like what.
Let's just be sure.
What you think I'm doin' this to prove something.
You coulda helped. And you didn't.
I was wrong. I admit it. My bad okay. Now let's just go back to the ship.
When captain went down you stepped up whether you like it or not. Now they train you for this so   
And there wasn't a simulated cockroach alive within 50 clicks of the simulated crash site. <u>That's</u> how they train you. On a fucking simulator.
70 seconds. You still got 70 seconds to level this beast out.
One of the Christian habits we <u>didn't</u> adopt perhaps unfortunately. We'll have to wait.
I would rather we all stay  
He will be with us. Nonetheless.
KEEP GOING OR I WILL.
Think a soul could get lost there. With all those pilgrim types.
It's more a place where souls are found Mr. Riddick.
Please this solves nothing please .
Be surprised what these will fetch in the Taurus system. Here. This Wooten here easy easy. Very rare.
Only if we both get outta this alive. And there may be a way.
Not afraid of the dark are you.
Wanna rag your fat mouth.
Hard to tell sometimes even for me  but looked like a bunch of those big boys chewin' each other's gonads off. Thought we'd swing wide. Okay by you.
Sacrifice play. Hack up one body leave it at start of the canyon. Like a bucket of chum.
<u>Trawl</u> with it. There's a cable on the sled. We can drag the body behind us.
So which one caught your eye.
Startin' to acclimate anyhow. Take it.
I apologize.
Taylor you're not in command here. Put down that gun.
Watch. Hello Bright Eyes. How's our throat today.
Dear you're a scientist. Don't you believe your own eyes.
And they fell out of the sky with you.
Zira listen to me. We've got a fine future ahead of us. Marriage. Stimulating careers. I'm up for a raise   
Zira .
One pistol  twenty four rounds of ammo. two medical kits.. one camera  one TX9. We've enough food and water for three days.
But how long is a day.
Okay. If there's no life here we've got just seventy two hours to find it. That's when the groceries run out.
Blessed are the vegetarians.
I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood.
What do you mean made it. I'm an animal psychologist that's all. We don't have any authority.
But I'm not prepared to die.
Fine. Just let her out.
Relax. You'll see it all later.
Yes I can do that.
I know it's a man. And you know the rules. No animals outside the compound and most certainly not without a leash.
With one of them.
You lied. Where is your tribe.
Of course.
You're a menace. A walking pestilence. I do know who you are Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone. You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one. Guards.
Don't look for it Taylor. You may not like what you find.
There. Can you believe it. I looks like he's talking.
Shhhh.
It's humiliating.
I do not state it sir. The prisoner does.
Like you I find it difficult.
But how convenient that the proof of his arrival has vanished. You also state that Bright Eyes had two intelligent companions at the time of his capture.
Mr. President I believe the Prosecutor has reassembled all he surviving humans captured in the hunt along with Bright Eyes.
Barnes listen to me  there's 5 6 spiderholes back there next to the church. Third Platoon's coming up the stream to reinforce us. Flank's wide open dinks get 3 4 snipers in these holes when Third Platoon comes up they'll get us in a crossfire with 'em. We'll shoot each other to shit then they'll hit us with everything they got. It'll be a massacre.
He's a fool alright but you a bigger fool. Hey whiteboy watcha waiting for   dat hole ain't gonna dig itself 
Fuck this shit. I ain't dyin' in no white man's war. Ise didi ing this motherfuckah.
You mean he's crazy. No more crazy'n the rest of us been out in the bush too long.
Wrong. You ain't EVER been right   'bout nothing. And dig this you assholes and dig it good. Barnes been shot 7 times and he ain't dead that tell you something. Barnes ain't meant to die. Only thing can get Barnes  is Barnes.
Okay here it is   one we got gooks in the fuckin' perimeter.
Jes' fine man jes fine. Ain't never felt better. Both of us two timers man we're out. See you at the hospital man we gonna get high high yessir 
Yeah I dropped out of college and told 'em I wanted infantry combat and Nam 
So what am I going to do. Get one of my guys zapped so some fuckface fresh from the World can get his beauty fucking sleep.
No I don't. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about Elias.
Yeah you done said it. Revenge on US.
So he got a reduced and come over here. Nam's his freedom man Nam's his pussy. Three years he been here.
Jackson looks like you got Elias' squad now.
I'm supposing.
Not tonight.
I'm not in the mood for dining and dancing.
Crossing the border this time of night they're a bit particular. You'd have to prove your identity you know  unless you've got a passport. They might even want to know why you're in such a hurry. Otherwise they might think 
Possibly Miss.
I see.
Brandon. Clark Brandon. Fellow about my age. Lot of money  that he didn't make. Former American. Now naturalized in Canada. Social standing indeterminate. Manners not quite perfect. Scotch superb.
I never pay for anything. They just keep me here to amuse the guests.
I didn't say anything.
Thanks for the fresh air. That felt good.
I'd rather wait until it does matter.
It's always a mistake to run away. Always.
Let's not pretend Mitchell meant anything to either of us.
Is this the best you can do.
Killaine's not that sort of guy. He said no  he meant no.
I'm in the Hudson Bay Company's store. That man last night  the one that followed me  
I don't think that's on the market anymore. I'd like something much closer to the water.
Killaine 
The best interference runner we've got. He thinks he's in love with you  and he's a gentleman. Come here baby.
You leave it.
I thought you had to be back to the hotel. To leave my  my note.
I told you my father died in jail. He stole a fortune. Most of it pretty dirty money. I don't care to have that known.
Don't go soft on me baby. I've got your note in my pocket. You wrote it all by your own self. And I have to use it. It has to be found in exactly the right place.
You think Magruder wants to hang beside me.
If I did I don't now.
Stop saying you're sorry. I want information not regrets.
You've had dealings with the police before.
Is it a crime.
We try to be decent.
Morning. Any calls.
I'm not interested in blind dates.
What are your rates.
If I call the police your price will go down to a minus sign.
Bluff. You've waited too long.
For two hundred.
Why not here.
I've got good ears.
I don't like to be tailed. The lady I'm with doesn't like to be stared at. To put the matter in a couple of nutshells I don't like you.
That's what I thought at first. Maybe somebody else ought to have thrown this party. With my liquor of course.
Quite sure you had no motive.
No.
Could we discuss that some other time.
That COULD BE TOLD.
She didn't have to. He could have climbed down from here.
Wait a minute. I'll go with you.
I tried it once. I lost my shirt.
Don't bet on it. I'm eccentric.
I see out friend Larry Mitchell is with us again.
Oh shut up. You haven't even got your spats on.
What do you want.
Nastiness. You're nasty with words. Why wouldn't you be nasty with deeds once in a while. You hated him  and I know why.
Not a floater. Only just dead.
So the shell ought to have gone over.
I guess I'm just ballast around here.
Such as.
And she did give him the chance the way it worked out.
A think wire   but very very strong. Let's get out of here.
I'd be delighted to  anytime you can show me the doubt. I'll wrap it up in tissue paper and put a Christmas seals on it for her.
I don't understand.
Now you're being beastly.
He checks too.
Brandon handled the money envelope.
When I give an order you'll not need it interpreted. You have an hour to make your mind up. Well are ye satisfied Mr. Mitchell.
Well find out. Who's covering her.
You think I'm wrong about this bit of a girl. Go out and prove it against me.
Why should I mind.
As thoroughly as I could. It wasn't easy. But you are helping me.
Rich. I haven't the faintest idea. Why.
Kind or not kind. What's the difference. It always ends up the same way.
I didn't mean it that way I'm sorry.
Unsophisticated. If I knew about this babe 
Tom Daddy would like to see you in the garden. And will you ask Betty to bring us some coffee. And remember to say 'please'.
What a shame.
Well I am a great admirer of your work. I read your books on Chartism when I was still at school. I'm a journalist not a historian. There are questions of method and approach. I wondered  
Since you are a friend of my daughter's I think I'm entitled to call you James don't you think.
If you like. But don't be too modest James. The citizen's duty is to remember not necessarily to write books. You are highly qualified. You're a responsible journalist doing what sounds to me like a very demanding job. Every day you take decisions that depend on your sense of history. A genuine tyranny would have to get rid of people like you.
Well we were just 
Didn't Evelyn Waugh say that the country under Atlee seemed to be under enemy occupation.
Working hard on that book I was telling you about. Coming to the meeting.
I'm not sure I can face it.
Oh yes.
Both dead.
Why not.
To the Fleet.
Mmm 
Will it be fun.
The bed's all made up if you want to stay.
I'll ring you in the next couple of days.
Yes.
No no let me go on before you get the wrong idea. Ann and I have kept to our separate bedrooms for the last three years. And I can't imagine that Susan hasn't hinted at the kind of life I lead in London. I'm not telling you how to run your affairs. I'm just saying.. I don't mind. I'm giving you permission.
Tom. bed. Go on.
Once.
Pure adrenalin right.. The ultimate rush. Other guys snort for it jab a vein for it all you gotta do is jump.
Yeah I noticed you limping. But don't worry about it brah. Don't worry at all. We're not gonna land on land.
So who  uh who packed my chute.
I did. What's the matter. Don't trust me.
Sorry can't do it brah. He's on the road. And where they're going there's no phones. Damn I hate this Johnny I really do. I hate violence. See that's why I need Rosie. I could never make this thing work myself. No way I could hold a knife to Tyler's throat man. She was my woman once. We shared time in this world. But Rosie he's kind of a  mechanism. Once you set him in motion he won't stop. That's his gift a kind of  blankness. Noon comes straight up he'll gut her like a pig and try not to get any on his shoes. Nothing I can do unless I get there.
Bodhi this is your wake up call man I  am  an  Eff  Bee  Eye  Agent..
Good guess. There's a gun on you right now.
And let my policy expire. Sorry.
Naw you pull it.
Yes sir.
Fine.
A little mushy. You think the taxpayers would like it Utah if they knew they were paying a federal agent to surf and pick up girls.
Supervising Special Agent Harp. Now I want you to go work the drop car okay Angelo. Okay.
The fucking punks are surfers.
It sticks out so I can't lock it. Look Angelo you think I joined the FBI to learn to surf. This was your lame o idea in the first place. You gotta back me up on this.
No. But let's do it anyway. It's gonna bug the shit out of Harp.
Awright. Get into position. I'm rolling.
They took a left at the next light.
I need you to teach me.
Gimme a break. One shrimp and fries to go. Anything to drink.
He rents it for the summer. Bodhi always gets some slick place and throws it open to every surf burnout around. Most a these guys can't keep a job. When the swell comes they're gone they have to ride.
We went out for about five minutes  which is four minutes longer than most of them. But you can't hold it against him he's  different.
You don't have to.
No. I'm sorry. I have to go. I'll uh  I'll call you later. I'm sorry.
You're kneeling on my hand.
But you look like you been in a train wreck how'd he just drive away.
Yeah you saw me and you figured that if a mere girl can do it a big strong stud like you shouldn't have any problem. Right.. Well you figured wrong dork.
What do you mean.
Jesus  this is inhuman. Uh  I wasn't told of any operations in this area. They shouldn't have been here.
What story did you give to Davis.
We've been lookin' for this place for months. The chopper must have gotten close when they got shot down. Hopper was sent in to get my men. He was just doing his job. When he disappeared I had to clean this up I had to stop there bastards. We were so close we couldn't quit. We couldn't sleep through this one. I needed you Dutch can't you see that.
I saw it.
What's that General.
You'll want a cocktail dress then. Turn. You have a beautiful figure. A little too out in the open but simply lovely. Size six. Do you need shoes.
Huh. Oh  yeah. S'okay. Uhm  how're  business things going.
You what.
I don't question the legality of what you do. It's your morality that makes me sick. I will not allow my company to be raped by a man like you.
Why don't you just do it out of the kindness of your heart.
Stolen.
You're not from L.A. huh.
What motel you staying at.
It pays.
Edward. My name is Edward.
You didn't wake me. I'll be out of here in a minute.
I took the couch. I had some work to do. About last night 
  dollars.
Where'd you learn to do this.
What.
Holy shit.
Television.
I have work to do.
I wasn't as much fun as I thought it was going to be.
Come with me.
Seems like it. I guess it's easy to get used to huh.
Would you please calm down. Tell me what happened.
Your goddamned friend he thinks the only reason I'm with you is for the money.
I really am sorry.
Right. You're quite the Sir Galahad today aren't ya'. I heard what you did with Kross.
I do. I do want to. That's why I'm leaving. That's what you given me see. I know what I want now. I want a guy like you for real. Not because you buy me things and give me money. The nicest thing you ever done for me is hold my hand. You gonna give me that.
It's not your fault. You're right. Kit's right. But I want the fairy tale.
Bill we're businessmen not the damn mafia. I'll see you in the office. By the way about your car 
Oh god what.
The night I left your house I was lost. I was looking for directions.
Hey hey There's a rent.
Yeah.
Everybody keeps starin' at me.
Where do you fit.
I'm I'm with a friend.
But I always eat like this.
Either you're European or badly brought up.
Yeah well I check out today.
Come on Barney you and me live in the real world. You don't know how to treat a girl like anything but a lady Mr. Thomas.
Aw come on Bill. It's just business.
Why not. You can't hurt me. Westley and I are joined by the bonds of love. And you cannot track that. Not with a thousand bloodhounds. And you cannot break it. Not with a thousand swords. And when I say you are a coward that is only because you are the slimiest weakling ever to crawl the earth.
Should I be.
With pride. What can I do for you.
But how can you be sure.
Gently.
At a time like this that's all you can think to say. Gently.
It never happened.
Well I haven't fought just one person for so long. I've been specializing in groups. Battling gangs for local charities that kind of thing.
You were supposed to be this colossus. You were this great legendary thing. And yet he gains.
Oh good my way. Thank you Vizzini. Which way is my way.
How many could you handle.
   what.   
To find the Man in Black obviously.
We had Miracle Max make a pill to bring you back.
Where did you get that.
Well who says life is fair. Where is that written. Life isn't always fair.
You want me to read this or not.
Who kills Prince Humperdinck. At the end somebody's got to do it. Is it Inigo. Who.
I tell you once again surrender.
No. To the pain.
The loser ran off alone. The winner followed those footprints toward Guilder.
The King's stinking son fired me. And thank you so much for bringing up such a painful subject. While you're at it why don't you give me a nice paper cut and pour lemon juice on it. We're closed.
No good. I've known too many Spaniards.
More pursuit than study lately. You see I cannot find him. It's been twenty years now. I am starting to lose confidence. I just work for Vizzini to pay the bills. There's not a lot of money in revenge.
Then why are you smiling.
No one of consequence.
You're sure nobody's following us.
I smell nothing.
Australia.
Why'd you say that name you promised me that you would never say that name   
Have fun storming the castle.
It would take a miracle. Bye.
Congratulations.
What are you saying.
I'm Leo Bloom I'm an accountant I'm from Whitehall and Marks I was sent here to do your books and I'm terribly sorry I caught you with the old lady.
Well sir it seems..
You have forty eight seconds left. Hurry. Hurry.
It's nothing.. nothing.
Yes Prince Mishkin what can we do for you.
Where. What.
Thank you Bloom. I knew I could con you.
Now let's see two thousand dollars. That isn't much. I'm sure I can hide it somewhere. After all the department of internal revenue isn't interested in a show that flopped.
Yes. Right. Good thinking. You figure it out. I'm tired. I'm gonna take a little nap. Wake me if there's a fire.
Yes it's quite possible.
You've done it yourself only you did it on a very small scale.
So what. What did it get me. I'm wearing a cardboard belt.
Oh no. No. No. I meant no scheme. I merely posed a little academic accounting theory. It's just a thought.
You're going to jump on me.
I.. I love it. I haven't been there since I was a kid. But it's nearly two o'clock. I really should be getting back to Whitehall and Marks.
Nonsense. As far as Whitehall and Marks are concerned you're working with Bialystock right.
They'll say Oooh wah wah wah ooh ooh.
But if something should  God forbid  go wrong at least we could give them some of their money back. It would look better in court.
No way out. No way out. What. Who.
Mr. Liebkind wait. You don't understand.
Mr. Liebkind relax relax we're not from the government. We came here to talk to you about your play.
Not good enough  Vould you be villing to take the Siegfried oath.
Never mind. Listen. Every night people are laughing at your beloved Fuhrer. Why.
You mean out of business. Heh heh.
You mean you had the slow fuse in your pocket all the time and you forgot to put it on.
Yes. Amazing isn't it.
No. No Motel. Get car. Get car.
Oh the best one.
Until Thursday then Contessa Mio.
The Blue Max 
What have you done LSD.
Groovy.
No. No one has stopped here in weeks 
Of which morning.
No.
No. Of all 
Someone is sitting in that window.
I'm not a fool. And I'm not capable of being fooled. Not even by women.
Just for a moment. She might have picked up a hint you'd miss.
Money.
I don't believe it. Do you.
Casharoonie.
With a little checking I could get to believe you.
I'll be perfectly honest with you Ma'am. It's not that I don't trust you but 
She ain't missing so much as she's run away.
And the police haven't been able to 
Sorry I got you up boy. Go back to sleep. Yeah be glad to. Said to give you his regards.
A good reason I suppose.
How could I go away. I'm in debt up to my  If she did steal that money  It's hard to believe she did because it's hard to see why she would. Unless she had some wild idea that it would help me  us 
Where  can I stay.
First rate hotel fifty yards up the street. Come on. After we check you in we'll go to the drugstore and get you a sandwich. Then we'll come back here  and wait.
That wouldn't be a wise thing to do.
I don't know  One of us has to be here in case Arbogast's on the way.
No. I'm just procrastinating. People hate when the doorbell rings in the middle of the night. Come on.
I don't know where to start  Except at the beginning.
Neither will I.
How could we prove  Well if he opens a new motel on the new highway  say a year from now 
There must be some proof that exists right now. Something that proves he got that money away from Mary  Some way.
I'm sorry Mary. My old Dad used to say 'when you can't change a situation laugh at it.' Nothing ridicules a thing like laughing at it.
I'm looking for a private island.
What are you running away from.
She sounded strong 
A son is a poor substitute for a lover.
To a private island like you.
No not like me.
Alright. I'll see you in the morning. I'll bring you breakfast. What time will you 
Is anything wrong.
Sorry Mrs. Chambers. I hate bothering you 
No. An old woman his mother. That was early this evening. And we haven't seen or heard from him since. I went out to the motel just got back. No one was in the office and 
We'd hoped to make it straight to San Francisco but we don't like the look of that sky. Looks like a bad day coming  doesn't it.
Haven't any.
This place. This isn't 'a place.' It's my only world. I grew up in that house back there. I was a happy child. My mother and I  we were more than happy.
Leave me alone.
That's the one that's got the coroner doing nightwork.
Who wants your money   maybe I can help you.
I don't know  I can't tell  
It may be but to my notion those that monkeys with what they got no business to get queer sooner or later.
Yeah  thousands and right in my back yard.
Oh Maxwell. He's left.
I'd like to have a look.
It won't do any good. They are a pair of would be mur  deresses fighting it out.
Man you're crazy. What kind of a place is this.
I'm losing my blood.
No.
I've been in love so many times my heart is calloused.. but I've never hit one with dough. This love in an attic isn't my idea of a way to spend a pleasant afternoon.
He can look like a chimpanzee and act like an igorot but he must have dough plenty of dough.
What's the rush. There's no first act. They'll all be there and we don't have to appear at any particular time.
Well you see the old chap is pretty anxious to open on schedule. All of his advertising announced the opening tonight.
What's nice about her  a hard boiled little gold digger.
I'd call it stupid at any time.
I'm glad you told me. Good night Mr. Burton.
I'd love to.
Ralph. Ralph.
Meaning what.
What do you mean you poor ham. This is New Year's.
Quick Watson the cookbook.
And ruin a perfectly good story. Don't be silly.
Except that he disappeared when things got too hot.
Well you can't blame a guy for getting a little breathless with a scoop like that.
No kiddin'. What's your idea.
Yes you could. Cut out this rotten business and act like a lady. Marry me.
Oh yeah. Maybe she didn't commit suicide. She may have been murdered.
Do you know George Winton.
What does that prove.
There's an autopsy ordered at Bellevue immediately. You better skip over there.
Horsefeathers.
Come on old man that won't do. You know you're innocent until proven guilty.
What. And let every rag in town grab a red hot story. Not so you could notice it. Now look I want you to drive me around the corner and wait for me.
If it is freedom to represent people with limbs that don't match cripples you have achieved your purpose. Anatomy. Heaven forgive you. You must have studied with a sideshow of freaks.
If you leave before the work is done you will be gone for a much longer period.. you will be gone for good.
You have done well and now I too have something for you. Come.
You did.
   What if your seven and a half precious liters were downloading over the parquet floor. What then.  What did your life mean. Who did you nurture Pauly. Who did you love.
So I can move on. You too.
She must have gone out for a walk with the children.
But who were they.
But Rose what is the cause of it all.
Rose can't I see what the nipple on it is like.
There ain't none in your Daddy. You know what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him I respect him I admire him.
Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her I guess to hell they do just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em but they're a bunch of monkeys.
But why if I'm not hurting you.
No. No I'm all right. Oh God what have I done. I have robbed a cradle and fallen into hell. I must be crazy a child like you. Oh God oh Lord. This is awful this is terrible I gotta get outta here.
Oh Buddy you do love me. I knew you did knew it all the time 
What are you going to do Rose.
Oh Waski you don't even know what we're talking about.
No. Why should Rose be in my room.
I don't know. But you better watch him like a hawk if he comes back again.
Well. Well what I mean is you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this Brother it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder.
Well I don't know. No I don't know Daddy I think the rain has obscured it.
Walked in all that heat. It's a wonder she hasn't got sunstroke. I'll phone Daddy and you go get Doll Baby and Waski.
I'll be right back.
Let me look. Aww rr 
So am I.
Then why does she act so dumb.
Dumbness doesn't concern her Doll. And neither does smartness. You see   
It's Yankee whisky to me.
Oh no no she got all over that. Rose is fine. Let's sit down son.
He didn't lose her he threw her away.
But  but how. She was young. Rose wasn't old.
I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe.
Honey she's perfect. She works all the time and she's wonderful with the children. And they love her even Brother likes her though he won't admit it. I think she's just perfect.
Well I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm she just wants to attract attention.
Yes of course.
Is she all right.
Scoundrels. They weren't scoundrels they were just boys.
That's why I'm asking her who the father is. It's the most vital question of all. Who's the father dear.
I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing.
Well I know more so. That's why I was thinking  maybe she'd be better off.
Yes I think so. He adores her it's almost pitiful the way he worships her. I just hope she isn't too much for him.
All right. Now as head of this household I have a couple of remarks to make. It is my dear wife's belief which I accept although I do not totally grasp it that to hire a person to do household work is a criminal practice. Therefore you are here not as a servant you are here as a friend as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family. You will eat your meals with us you will share life itself with us in love and harmony dear Rosebud in love and harmony. Do you understand me.
I  I'll get the grits.
There are more on the other side.
My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say there comes Rose with her rose.
Strange voices Rose.
Yes sir.
Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange voices in the night Rose.
I have to go back to the hotel. I'm on duty at the desk and who knows a quest might arrive. I will see you at suppertime Rose.
Yes sir.
Mmm. Would you get me another half a cup of coffee dear.
Yes sir.
Yes Tennessee a lovely state.
Well. What kinda job is it.
Yes mine. I'm going to have one.
I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big.
All right damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look.
Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
Yeah I remember it.
Oh to hell with it never mind. Don't tell her anything. Don't even tell her you saw me. Got to run Buddy I'll miss my plane.
Of course she does and I must say I'm puzzled by your delay in getting her to the hospital. I should think ordinary powers of observation would have suggested to you that she was seriously ill.
Well her people were very poor. She says she was often hungry as a child and I'm sure the food she ate was pretty awful not a balanced diet at all.
You'd go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who has no means to defend herself you'd go that far. Don't you think I know what you've just said and don't you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you've just conspired to commit.
Yes I understand you but you have misunderstood me completely.
Rose you work too hard. Why don't you go sit down somewhere and drink a Co Cola.
Oh no that's the style. It's meant to be clinging.
No Rose he'll help you.
I was offered that job as a waitress.
I figure for this information the usual payment  times ten.
You think it's that good.
A Lincoln. What Lincoln. Lincoln Continental. Lincoln Mark Five  Six 
What 
Word is while the vice cops on the East Coast were standing around playing pocket pool 300 kilos of heroin got smuggled into New York City. And right now it's making a cross country journey to Hollywood U.S.A.
Thank you concerned citizen.
I'll give you a fucking hoot if you don't shut up back there.
Stop blaming yourself.
Could be worse. I don't know how but I'm sure it could.
I don't know. I could quit now if I wanted I just don't want to.
They shot us all kid.
Bullshit.
Well I got something.. Pop Sweet's accounting ledger for the Disco Strip. All the money transactions. Look  Someone's putting their initials beside the weekly totals. Like they're acknowledging a deposit.
No.
Nope.
Bummer.
We've got the tape to prove it.
Can't I.
Yes sir.
I  I think I can  clarify 
Well  seeing how you just suspended me what's to stop me from calling you a crazy bastard you old fart.
Murderer. Really.
Wave that flag hero. Keep dreaming those dreams.
Yeah well  nobody's perfect. They couldn't go doing everything at once.
He's right. We hit the bricks we walk back triple fucked.
I worked my ass off for my badge Kittle It's the only thing that makes me different from every other slob out there.
Guys  all we've got is each other. Don't we know that by now.
Gimmie a minute.
When you bunch it together it's exponentially more powerful. Two sticks have the power of four sticks. Four sticks have the power of sixteen and so on.
We'll last longer then we will against that Death Star and we might just take a few of them with us.
She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have Luke  but the Force is strong with her as it is with all of your family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy Vader.
Yes my Master.
Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until called for.
Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and wait for them.
Wouldn't miss it.
It's your imagination kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.
Threepio tell them if they don't do as you wish you'll become angry and use your magic.
I gotta get you out of here.
Yeah I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.
Hey don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this.
All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back I won't get in the way.
Lower it.
All right. A little higher. Just a little higher.
I tell you this station will be operational as planned.
I hope so Commander for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
You're wrong Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has it I have it and my sister has it.
Oh. Well yes.
Oh come on Brad admit it. It was enjoyable wasn't it. There's no crime in giving yourself over to pleasure.
Hmmmm. He'll be in the Zen Room.
Dammit Janet.
Weiss.
Oh don't be so shy.
You're OK by me.
Creature of the night.
Me I'm kinda aggravated.
I think it's closed.
I think mebbe we're early or somethin'   
My mother told me just the opposite. She said 'You weren't born with much of a body so you'd better develop your brain.'
The glasses  Please.
Don't tease me.
Ya puttin' me on right.
Yeah  But I think weak legs ain't bad sometimes y'know.
Yo I ain't mad. I'm just outta joint when reporters are around They take cheap shots an' Paulie knows it.
 I dunno.
 Like you.
Why.
Paulie it's Thanksgiving. I've gotta turkey in the oven.
Get outta my life both of ya's.
I want 'im outta here Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo. That's what I think of bums like you an' Gazzo. You're goin' up an' don't care enough to throw Paulie some crumbs. I give ya meat an' I give ya my sister too.
You a virgin. Ya let 'im in ya pants didn't ya. Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it didn't ya..
Shaw's fighting in South America Why not postpone the bout until July Fourth.
Charge it.
The Champion is smiling and toying with the man trying to give the fans their money's worth and make a show of it with the badly out classes challenger Another left to right combination. I feel sorry for   
Not only has he refused to fall but he has beaten the Champion's body without mercy and the bout has become a vicious slugfest.
That's it.
I know ya need sparrin' partners I'm very available.
What.
I wouldn't take no cheap shots. I'd be a good sparrin' partner.
I like yella teeth.
What.
'Night Marie.
I said how ya feelin'.
 What.
Twenty five thirty What's the difference. It took me two months to learn the combination of that locker.
Hey ever think about retirin'.
Rocky d'ya know what I done.
Check the eyes Ben.
 I'm doin' it for a friend.
Can't hardly tell. Don't swallow the blood Go for his ribs. Don't let 'im breathe.
Fine  That guy's great.
Creed's great.
I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror.
Let's get outta this stink.
Do me a favor Talk to Gazzo. Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job  Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector  Bustin' bones don't bother me Tell him I'm a good worker.
Forget nothin' Here talk to my sister tell 'er somethin' nice.
It don't matter.
I dunno she fills gaps.
Whatta these guys want.
Somebody took it from him. That's what this whole thing's about.
Check the scrawl.
He's a Toon  who cares.
Dolores meet Roger Rabbit.
<u>That</u> was the rabbit's wife.
Probably lookin' for a good place to stick a knife.
Hey pal do I look like a stenographer.
Ask her 
They.
Eddie. Jesus what happened.
Boy I'll say. They gave you a real Toon a Roo.
It's the truth. Why won't you believe it.
If I'm as bad as you think what's stopping me from just killing you right now.
Lemme guess where you got that from. Tell me somethin' what'd you ever see in that guy anyway.
He made me laugh.
Aren't you the lucky one 
Meet me at my studio at nine o'clock. If you've got the will maybe we can stop this thing.
Stop what.
No  I'm not. I'm a cartoon maker not a murderer.
I needed a place to hide. I'm in trouble Eddie.
Don't worry Eddie no one knows I'm here.
Yeah  well you just might get your wish.
But that's my calling my purpose my raison d'etre. Toons are supposed to make people laugh  and believe me those people needed a laugh.
And when they're done laughin' they're gonna call the cops. That guy Angelo would rat on you for a nickel.
Well  I still don't think he'd turn me in.
But Eddie you know what happens when 
A Toon. Noooo.
  I'd head for Cucamonga.
Only time will tell.
Have patience.
Why what is Tybalt.
In love.
In sadness cousin I do love a woman.
A right fair mark fair cuz is soonest hit.
I'll not endure him.
Go to. What goodman boy. I say he shall: go to; Make a mutiny among my guests..
I pay thy poverty and not thy will.
Hold Daughter.
That's my good son: but where hast thou been
O she new well. Thy love read by rote and could not spell. Come young waverer come go with me In one respect I'll thy assistant be; for this alliance may so happy prove to turn you household rachor to pure love.
Marry my child next Thursday Morn. The gallant young and noble gentleman Sir Paris at Saint Peter's Church shall make thee there a joyful bride.
Here comes your father tell him so yourself.
No madam. We have culled such necessaries as our behoveful for our state tomorrow. so please you let me now be left alone and let the nurse this night sit up with you. for I am sure you have your hands full in all this so sudden business.
Geth thee to be and rest for thou has need.
Romeo I drink to thee.
Have not saints lips and holy palmers too.
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
I take thee at thy word.
If my heart's dear love  
Romeo. At what o'clock to morrow Shall I send to thee.
I will not fail: 'tis twenty year till then.
Mercutio's soul is but a little way above our heads staying for thine to keep him company.
By my count I was your mother much upon these years You are now a maid. Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
That dreamers often lie.
Peace good Mercutio peace. Thou talk'st of nothing.
The slip son the slip; can you not conceive.
Nay I am the very pink of courtesy.
OH and but one word with one of us. Couple it with something. Make it a word and a a blow.
Could you not take some occasion without giving.
What wouldst thou have with me.
Good king of cat's nothing but one of your nine lives.
Always in a rush you are. All these years I've known you you could never wait for anything.
You know it is.
What.
Of course.
I don't know.
And who are you.
That's him.
I didn't think to see you again tonight. You were pretty pissed.
And when I consider that I have to wonder if you don't have some ulterior motive for being here with me right now.
That we're too stupid to trace his calls.
You sure about this.
In this business your life and your reputation are more often than not one and the same.
Should any of you decide to rush me I'll kill myself and whoever happens to be near me at the time.
We'll double your price.
Bad company 
What do you mean.
Enough.
So what do we do.
I need you Swede I can't do this without you.
Not exactly.
Did he bring that with him.
After we stop the target car I get out and use the heavy artillery to kill the driver and his bodyguard.
Who else would you be.
Things. This is my country you know.
I can do that.
I don't. But the language he's speaking is universal.
One's a lot more painful than the other.
See what.
I needed to see if you were a cop. I'm a popular man with the police Sam and whenever they try to catch me they always do it with an inside guy some man on some job who seems more trustworthy than all the others put together. And that's the guy you have to watch out for. I hate cops 
I saw you look off when Francois nodded his head. I figured he wasn't pointing out a particularly rare shrub and the rest was easy.
Not exactly.
This doesn't involve you don't you understand. I can't even guarantee you any money out of all this.
Clearly.
Good. Now take the forceps and remember Vincent what we're doing here is routine. I've done stuff like this at least twenty times in the field. There are no vital organs where you're working no major muscles or arteries you can't kill me. Just make sure you've got the bullet before you try to pull it out.
Dark ops.
Closest and oldest.
And when you finish. What then. This package whatever it is do you give it to the CIA. Do you really think they deserve it.
I'm sure.
Why don't we step into my office 
It's a matter of respect. Why don't you wait outside this won't take long.
None of them had any   
I knew you'd come through. Jesse observes the transaction Booth and Earl start to leave.
Cash and what.
We don't know whose money it is. They might have robbed a bank who knows.
Why.
We'll figure something out.
Because I know.
What are you thinking.
You're thinking about killing him. I can't do that. No way. I've never killed a man. Never even shot at one 
Exactly. This is our little secret partner.
Booth listen to me Booth.
Rock solid.
You better believe it if you know what's good for you.
You're only screwing yourselves over. Helllllp. HELLLLLP. SOMEBODY 
Because someone may have gotten away.
I gotta take some money out that's what for.
Yeah but I need to take out four hundred dollars and the ATM will only give me three.
I love you too.
It doesn't matter he's next to you. You know I always say to myself you should have left him years ago. Why didn't you.
Well I was just throwing out ideas 
It'll be more than enough. We can get out of here 
You said that I didn't.
How about you give us what you have and leave.
Damn. MARTIN I'm sorry to have dragged you all the way down here for that. I thought maybe it would help. Booth lets out an inaudible deep breath Earl immediately plays up to Martin clearly relieved   
Hell no. besides I'm just a radio call away if something happens. I feel I should keep abreast of what happens seeing it's my jurisdiction and all.
Well I just uh you know 
Anything specific.
We are having a sale on some items over here   
Shopping here.
He probably figured she was on her way out anyhow no drugs in her system no foul play.
Take it or leave it.
Vegas. Can you hightail it back here by three o'clock.
Uh sure. I hear you.
No. Something wrong with you Dwayne.
Well I just got a lot of things on my mind is all.
I don't know 
Look I worked all day I'm tired as hell and I want to sit and eat in peace. Is that asking too much.
Shut up  Slut 
You're never getting that much.
You've done without it long enough ma.
Money.
There was more than that.
So someone did get away.
Is it because of the hookers sir. You tell them there's no crime in being lonely.
Jail.. James you better back off. Badge or no badge I'll kick your ass.
I'd like to see you try.
I know Teddy Wu is cranking out a pretty good double sawbuck but you knew that too didn't you.
I don't think so.
I'm sorry you looked like you traveled in the best circles. But hey I understand. Make yourself at home Isabella. Champagne caviar whatever you want. My ship is your ship.
I'm sure because this is my friend's yacht. And it's his party.
Lee you okay.
You bring American money.
I'm just in town for the weekend taking in the sights.
Carter would I lie to you.
No.
No.
Bathroom.
I have plenty of dates.
And you ain't black.
Who died.
Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth.
I heard your mama pulls a rickshaw.
IT IS CRAZY.
I cannot go to LA 
Nothing. I said nothing.
No. It's not right.
Gimme the binoculars or I will shoot you.
She just took her hair down. Now she's going for the bra the clasp is in front she's using both hands. You better get that ice.
What is it.
Get it out of here.
Shhh my head hurts.
I knew it. What does she know. You want me to sing something.
Oh no you don't. Don't you be getting corny on me Lee. I'll kick your ass from here to Compton.
I did.
No problem.
Hey you Secret Service Man what are you   
I need your help.
Just trying to make it look real.
No. Freddy Ching's in Crenshaw.
Thank you.
I know Master but 
This is still Hong Kong.
That is Chief Inspector Lee. The detective in charge of our investigation.
That's probably the only reason Johnson's still alive.
Hey sir it was a pleasure to preserve Johnson's ass. Well you know what I mean.
This is pathetic.
I'm gonna arrest the sonuvabitch. Your ass is goin' to jail.
You're shittin' me. You know the Beach Boys..
Let me give you a piece of advice: never touch another man's radio. You do it again nobody not Rhonda not Yolanda gonna save your ass.
Bullshit a little. You lied to me.
It's the same thing.
Not being able to speak is not the same as not speaking. You seemed as if you liked to talk. I like to let people talk who like to talk. It makes it easier to find out how full of shit they are.
The license. You get it..
What.
Are you tellin' me nobody knows what he looks like. Come on there must be witnesses somewhere.
No. You hate me. Look I'm gonna do it one time. That's it.
Nobody in America eats fish in the AM. We're talking strictly an after twelve noon food type.
You know him.
No what.
This is my city. I'm a cop. I'll find Œem.
Don't worry about the kidnapping Carter the F.B.I. will handle that. Your assignment is Lee.
Why don't you assign one of your own men to this.
You a cop or something.
You're movin' to death row. See your fingerprints are now on the murder weapon of Four FBI Agents. And when I turn this into the lab they're gonna find Lafontaine all over it. And we already know ..this is your MO.
She's fine.
I do.
I'm just bragging about how great you are. I'm the luckiest man alive.
I've got news for you. No amount of sugar and water is going to turn like Graham into something you want to take on a picnic.
You bet ya Coach.
He's here . He's here.
Bob is making her visualize the ceremony.
Never say die.
His hair  any color.
Okay you were right. I hated my column but I can do this assignment.
You're coming here.
Then come for dinner.
Well I'm good I don't know if I'm best.
Oh sure. That was a long time ago. See she's not a man hater at all. She's very supportive of men 
You'll answer my questions.
You're going to be very disappointed.
Without oxygen 
Oh but making up the facts as you go along is ethical. Actually I meant you. You probably got severance or expenses or both. I'll take your check. No credit cards.
Because I think you're writing on spec and with a first person interview you might actually sell that thing.
No I'm not afraid. Just  Maybe someday.
What was that. I can't order my eggs without sarcasm.
You know there's no 
Missed me bad huh.
That's called changing your mind.
Yes I do.
A little longer for me.
I don't have much choice in the matter now do I. But I can't speak for Italics. Traitor.
On anything male that moves. As opposed to anything male that doesn't move.
You and your lucky geese. You always see geese.
Quick. Very quick.
That's good.
I don't think so.
And then I'll see you in New York   
I do.
It's so beautiful. It's just what I would have picked out if I'd had every ring in the world to choose from. You see what I mean. There are people who would like a relationship to be full of surprises but I am not one of them. Surprises are highly overrated.
I'm not at the top of the Empire State Building. I'm here.
Not really. Look Annie I love you. Let's leave that out of it. I don't want to be someone you're settling for. I don't want to be someone anyone settles for. I have a life insurance policy I'm fully invested in growth stocks I have a paid subscription to Home Rox Office I have no sexual diseases I have been steadily employed in a part of the economy that isn't soft I have expectation in the way of inherited wealth I dress nicely I am a member of the private sector an independent voter I don't watch Monday Night Football the only thing wrong with me is that I am allergic to wheat strawberries penicillin pollen nuts and wool. There are plenty of women who see me as the brass ring. If you don't marriage is hard enough without bringing such low expectations into it isn't it.
What was what.
And now 2000 women want his number. The guy could be a crackhead a psychopath a flasher a junkie a transvestite a chain saw murderer or someone really sick like Rick.
Actually he sounded nice.
Not.
Right.
Your destiny can be your doom. Look at me and Rick.
I know.
What.
I love you too.
But he saw you right.
Well it's the same woman. And he was crazy about her. What is this. This is from Seattle.
So I mailed your letter.
No. Not remotely. I just want to find out about him.
I know.
He wasn't even wrong for you like <u>cosmically</u> wrong so don't beat up on yourself for wasting however long it was.
And you crazy. He thinks shows like this are dumb. If you didn't have an 800 number I could never get away with this   
I got married because Betsy said we had to break up or get married. So we get married.
Granny's dress. Oh Mom.
I know. He's wonderful isn't he.
Destiny takes a hand.
Grace the dispatcher. Great.
It's been about a year and a half.
He doesn't have one now. That's the problem.
She died.
I'm not asking you to set me up Jay. That's not what I need your help for. I want to know what it's like over there.
You mean like He has the cutest butt. Where did I hear that recently.
Well. Things are different. First you have to be friends. You have to like each other. Then you neck. This can go on for years. Then you have tests. Then you get to do it with a condom. The good news is split the check.
Great. They'll have a parade in your honor. You'll be Man of the Year in Seattle Magazine. Tira misu.
What's tira misu.
What is it.
You'll like it.
Nobody else is going to know it was us.
You're right. You better hope so.
Just out of curiosity do you have any friends whose names don't begin with a J. I feel like it was a failure of the imagination on our part naming you Jonah. What is marjoram. Does anyone know.
Thank God. Something you don't know. It's a single white female.
English muffin. How do you do it.
I know.
How do you know.
I miss her. What do you think happens to someone after they die.
I'm starting to forget her.
I know. But she's here Jonah. Because I have you. And as long as I have you I have your Mom.
WAIT  and while we're on the subject let's just say right now that Brooks Robinson was the best third baseman ever. It's important that you agree with me on that because I'm from Baltimore. Dad she thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest.
She's going to cook something for us.
Everyone at work heard you.
Get out.
I mean so far have I screwed it up for you.
Do you like it.
I think they're announcing your flight.
Well here's the number. If you ever find yourself Sleepless give us a call. We also  do babysitting.
I tried to talk to her  It was like I knew her. Weird.
You're kidding   
You can't send him back to Oklahoma. It'd be inhumane.
He will if he wants us to go on blasting.
Who. A scab.
Later. When I finish the ironing.
Yes. We will light the candles.
Do you think I like living this way. What do you want of me..
I'd lie on my cot in the cell and I couldn't sleep with the bugs and the stink and the heat. And I'd say to myself think of something nice. Something beautiful. And then I'd think of you. And my heart would pound against the cot for love of you.
Four nights. How did you sleep.
A meeting.
Sun up.
Ramón you can't.
Whose funeral. We're doing all right. There hasn't been a scab near the picket line for three days.
Who said anything about giving up. I'll never go back to the company on my knees. Never.
Or why don't you just put a sign outside. No dogs or women allowed.
You know I don't think that.
I thought maybe you forgot 
Ramón.. listen to me.. I'm in a	jam.. I had to get a job..
You Judas.. blood sucker..
You mind.
I was talking to my wife.
What can I do for you.
No Why.
Who wouldn't.
I was thinking Alice Cooper.
I don't know  you could be staking your financial future on stealing Bob Hope's stool specimen.
I can't. I've got a kid. She lives with my parents. Quincey knows where they live.
What happened to your eye.
I don't want anything. Why are you so suspicious.
It gets me through the day.
I been that way ever since.
Can you do me a favor. This girl I know her boyfriend's a real piece of shit dude's really jamming her up. I promised her I'd try to help.
You've got to deal with this sooner or later Tom. You can't keep hiding.
Lead the way.
Why's that.
Business. I need to leave town and I find myself in dire need of some cash.
Can your man handle that.
Personal protection. It's a dangerous world we live in Jimmy a very dangerous world.
No You think she's a tweaker.
Sure Jimmy.
Understand what.
Make me an offer.
Pooh Bear I don't mean to be rude but I get the feeling you aren't taking me seriously.
This is bullshit. You didn't say anything about anybody else being here.
Never mind. Dude had a backfull of jailhouse tatts.
Don't be. I'm worried about the kid.
Don't you wonder why I do it.
Someone want to tell me what the hell is going on here.
Bubba.
I'm afraid so Danny.
Cut to the fucking chase Flynne.
Yeah. What about him.
Who the hell is Jimmy.
And he probably only told two people and they probably only told four people and on and one. You know better than to tell a secret to a tweaker Flynne. Might just as well broadcast it on the evening news.
Worse. Much worse. A teacher.
I was talking about Miles.
And you've got wiener breath.
What do you mean.
Here it comes poor Tom.
Better than drugs.
Sir.
Just shut up Ryan didn't kill Wade.
You didn't volunteer Jackson.
Seems to me Cap'n this mission is a serious misallocation of valuable military resources. Miller Go on.
Gives Wade the second shot.
Say what Cap'n.
Pass.
Sarge.
Sure you got one.
Tell that to Private James Ryan. We've got our orders. Let's go.
Command isn't going to let them withdraw and the Germans sure as hell aren't going to let them surrender.
More morphine hurry up come on come on 
It could be worse. You know the first thing they teach you at O.C.S.. Lie to your men.
Oh yeah.
Trust me you're the best.
Sure Reiben.
There's always a bright side.
I'm sorry sir I apologize. But if you weren't a captain or if I were a major what would you say.
Well now I'm saying we're moving out. Get off your ass.
Yeah yeah. I want you right next to me no matter where I go you understand.
I won't need to sir it's already here behind the barricade so 
Yeah.
Reiben you can be very unpleasant to be around sometimes.
Fertilizer Captain I think we're in a cranberry bog.
What are we likely to run into.
We believe that your father operates in a large pool of cash that comes from phoney billings phoney patients. We've been investigating him for five years. We believe that when they die he takes their money.
Just come down to my place of business for god's sake. I have people here.
Taking care of people isn't a growth enterprise Mr Sims. I hope you write that down in your report I'd like your bosses to read it.
I hope you understand.
Because it's loud enough so the neighbors don't complain that's how come I know.
Jesus Christ. I get in a good mood. How hard is it just to decide to be in a good mood and then be in a good mood.
Look I'm really sorry that Mom and Dad made you take me in. Really. If it's such a big deal I'll go. But remember this it used to be fun. It used to be warped twisted and hilarious and I mean that in the best possible way I mean it as a compliment. I mean I'm sorry T I M left you. But I am not T I M.
That's just so embarrassing.
I admit nothing.
So what's your point.
Ha. Go back. What a great line.
I was standing up there and looking at all the people and I felt like they didn't know me. I mean maybe I shouldn't have taken all those courses out of school because everybody thinks I  forget it.
I love you too honey.
Now why can't I tell the story.
You should be.
You bet you should have called. You still live at home. Don't make me call the police at three thirty in the morning don't make me call hospitals.
You've always called before always. Now I'm not asking what you did I just want to know that you're alright.
I know that.
You're going.
It doesn't feel right to me. I I don't even have the right luggage yet.
'I like him'. Diane I'm talking about being honest with people being decent 
Swear to god I need to know the truth.
But I found the money.
Yes I 
No. I told you everything you lied to me. I would have done anything for you.
That's right work it out.
Yeah. What a day.
Yes. Things are pretty hectic right now but thanks.
So it's an honor.
Sure I do.
You know what.
I think you should wear that.
Mmmm.
Won't you see me later.
Really. Um  I  well  you're really turning me around here
If you'll just maybe ease it into second.
Then why are you shaking.
Your letter came yesterday.
What. This is a good level isn't it.
No I don't I don't.
Did you talk to Corey.
What is that. What are you doing with your hands. Talk to me you're talking like that girl Sheila.
Oh shit.
What.
You've gotta get her out of your head man.
Oh. Okay then  Lloyd Dobler 555 1342.
She's really pretty great isn't she.
Okay. Good afternoon. Goodbye.
Yeah. Honey.
I know
Mike Cameron. This is one fresh jam huh.
I'm Lloyd Dobler.
Diane everybody loves that you showed up.
Klaus Tauber.
Oskar please  
What  
War.
That you know the meaning of the word gratitude. That it's not some vague thing with you like with some guys.
I just told you.
You asked for shoe polish.
Yeah I can.
That's great thanks.
There's nothing in the stores.
So I'll talk to him about it.
There's a machinist outside who'd like to thank you personally for giving him a job.
Ah yes.
What other point is  
It's dangerous. It's dangerous to me personally.
You don't. I do. I see a difference.
Would it do any good.
I heard a noise.
Stop it 
I'm designated driver. I have to be here in case a sister calls and needs a ride.
I had to change. Did anyone call.
But you’ll never get away with it.
I think it's out of your control.
I don't really know what happened in Woodsboro Sid. But I know you don't trust me.
I really don’t like that comparison honey.
A verdict and premiere all on the same day. I love it.
Tuition’s expensive.
I'm on crowd patrol Miss Weathers excuse me.
Page 32. Deputy Dewey filled the room with his dim witted Barney Fifish presence. I think you've explained yourself.
No I'm the one who's sorry. I misjudged you. Now if you'll excuse me I have some oozing to do.
Can we turn the light on.
Dewey you and I would never make it.
..and as lonely as I am 
They thought it was a publicity stunt.
No wait 
I'm sorry.
..it's really about family and tradition 
What's your favorite scary movie.
You are so not funny.
We can still Sandra Bullock it.
Do you work for her now.
I have this button I press. See. It insulates me. She mimes an air lock valve.
Anytime. Sorry it sucked. It just had that been there done that feeling.
Hello.
I'm Gale Weathers author of the Woodsboro and Windsor College murders and anchorwoman for TOTAL ENTERTAINMENT. Maybe you've heard of me.
Does the name Maureen Prescott sound familiar to you.
Well if you won't work for me will you work for the president.
Both of them were found brutally murdered this morning under the Hollywood sign. Autopsy reports having come back to me yet but the bodies looked like something out one of the Stab films.
He killed Milton. The killer's inside there. Oh God. DEWEY. Dewey's in there too. He needs medical help. He's hurt.
Did you request this case.
No they tend to put me on the ones that deal with the business. I grew up here and I know my way around the studios.
Must be exciting Beautiful place beautiful people.
To me Hollywood is about death.
What did you know about your mother.
Here's the deal I'm off to search the soundstage. That's good news.
What does this have to do with Sid.
When it's a threat you'll know it.
I'm out back. Tied up. Hurry Sid. The killer's looking for you. Quick untie me.
Again I am the author of the definitive book on the Woodsboro murders.. What about you.
What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers. I liked her.
You used to say that was our strength.
Brace yourself Gale all of this is actually not About you.
Someone stole Sid's file.
Right. Sorry. Do you think he did it.
God damn you Gale Weathers. Don't you see. The killer is choosing his victims as they die in the script. Ben Damon's character was the first one to get offed. So was his girlfriend   but she wasn't cast yet so his real girlfriend was killed   then Sarah Darling's Candy and now me.
What's your favorite scary movie Gale.
Need to get in that building.
Listen Lois Lane I love your show and all but last month I happened to catch your little segment on me and how my wife left me because I'm a sex addict who enjoys screwing fifteen year old girls. It was a real eye opener my lawyers are still thinking about bringing to your superior's attentions.
I know. He killed Kincaid.
I want to finish what I started. I want to finish the game.
Let them try. You'll never find me. I've already gotten away with murder before. For instance Maureen Prescott.
No. You didn't kill my mother. Billy Loomis and Stu Macher did.
Great. A spirited one. I'll be seeing you real soon Sidney. Real soon.
I thought you wanted me here.
It's good to see you again Sidney. I was growing real impatient. Go ahead. Explore. I'll catch up with you later.
Yes hi I'm Laura I'm a trained counselor. How can I help you.
So you gonna try and make up with Sid.
I was just asking. Why are you always at me.
I was hoping Sid and I could talk.
Yeah we just watched a few movies. Took a few notes. It was fun.
I'm sorry. Don't hate me.
What are you doing here.
Hey hey it's just me.
So  I'm sorry. I've been a selfish shit and I'm sorry.
Uh huh.
I'm alright. Gotta  get  help.
It's okay. Give me the gun.
Not so fast. We're gonna play a little game. It's called GUESS WHO JUST CALLED THE POLICE AND REPORTED YOUR SORRY MOTHERFUCKING ASS.
Who is this.
No bored.
I believe you 
His name wouldn't be Steve would it.
That all depends on you.
Then he dies. Right now.
NOOO.
Which is it.
I'll even give you a warm up question.
No it's not. It was Jason.
Lucky for you there's a bonus round. But poor Steve  I'm afraid  he's out.
What.
Am I keeping you. I'm sorry.
What brings you out to these parts.
Then what are you doing here.
A car was spotted in the bushes a little ways up the road.
Afraid not.
Hank Loomis' kid. Aw  Jesus 
Prep the compact we'll hide it in a window and tape all of tonight's festivities.
As long as it records I don't give a shit. We're not doing a remote.
I think you falsely identified him. Yes.
Have you talked to Cotton.
LEAVEMEALONE.
No. Oh well  I'm hitting the sack. My flight leaves first thing in the morning. Now the expo runs all weekend so I won't be back til Sunday. There's cash on the table and I'll be staying at the Raleigh Hilton 
 out at the airport 
I'm gonna gut your ass in a second.
Which is you 
Are you kidding. This is like Christmas.
It's all part of the game.
You'll never get away with this.
And not just killed Sid. We're talking splatter movie killed split open end to end.
Yeah yeah  are you okay.
Don't worry. Casey and Steve didn't bite it til way after ten.
Created by that little tabloid twit Gale Weathers.
Well  you can only hear that Richard Gere gerbil story so many times before you have to start believing it.
Hey go easy Tatum. He didn't do it.
Where you guys been. We had to start without you.
What am I. The beer wench.
What about the trace on his bank account and the guns. There must be something to connect him with a past.
He wouldn't just turn himself in. It doesn't make any sense.
I'm in.
There are seven deadly sins. Gluttony wrath greed 
One is gluttony.
He's not finished.
He had a gun. He had a gun  and he made it happen. He made me do it. He made me put that  that thing on. Oh Christ. He made me wear it  and  and he told me to fuck her. He had the gun in my mouth.
I mean at this point what would it hurt if you told us a little about yourself.
It's not too far away now.
Why.
Now  I wouldn't do something like that Johnny. I like you. I like you a lot.
You wouldn't because you know there are consequences. It's in those eyes of yours though  nothing wrong with a man taking pleasure in his work. I won't deny my own personal desire to turn each sin against the sinner. I only took their sins to logical conclusions.
What the fuck is going on here..
What the fuck is going on.
This is a premeditated puzzle and it's only the beginning.
Can we talk about this in private.
What about sports.
Like in the Parson's Tale and Dante.
It's got to be.
Who the hell knows. There's plenty of freaks out there doing dirty deeds they don't want to do. You know  little voices tell them bad things.
And you don't.
Bullshit.
The fingerprints.
We'll tag along.
Never took a bullet. I pulled my gun once. fired it once.
I don't know about you but I feed off my emotions.
Sorry about that  I just 
This is the job. It's not an Easter egg hunt.
Yeah. Some college student who's taking English 101 and just happens to be writing a paper on Twentieth Century Crime.
The Writings of Saint Thomas Aqu  Aquin 
Think it through. If we leave a hole like this we'll never prosecute. He'll walk. We have to come up with some excuse for knocking on this door.
You follow the law and do the best you can. It's all there.
I  I don't understand.
Oh  um William.
High school and college yes. Pretty hokey huh. I knew on our first date this was the man I was going to marry. God  he was the funniest man I'd ever met.
You have to put blinders on sometimes. Most times.
I can't be a burden especially now. I know I'll get used to things. I guess I wanted to know what someone who's lived here thinks. Upstate it was a completely different environment. I don't know if David told you but I teach fifth grade or did.
Yes. Look at all the passion splattered up on the wall here.
What you saw was a buck wearin' Lucy's dress  I found Lucy back there in that canyon I wrapped her in my blanket an' buried her with m'own hands I thought it best to keep it from you long as I could.
I ain't wearing no gun.
Yes sir 
You fit a lot of descriptions.
That's all right Captain I don't need any formal invitation to kill a Comanch 
But but captain we can't possibly take the field tomorrow for your own protection 
Ain't been too good No sir not too good Gettin' old Ethan 
Don't want no money Ethan jus' a place a roof over m' head a little grub a bunk to sleep in  an' a rockin' chair by the fire  my own rockin' chair by a fire 
A young buck fetched it in late last summer  Said it belonged to a captive chile of Chief Scar 
Keep talking.
Scar's band was headin' north to winter in at Fort Wingate eatin' agency beef. That's what this buck said Maybe he lied.
I ain't stayin' I set out lookin' for Debbie I aim to keep on 
How. You got any horses or money to buy 'em You ain't even got money to buy cartridges Jorgensen's offering you a good livin' here 
Cut it out will ya 
Nine  Ten.
I don't know Somethin' tied his hands maybe hospitality 
We won't be here Come on.
She's alive Better she's alive and livin' with Comanches than her brains bashed out 
Not far from it 
Don't go blamin' yourself 
Wouldn't bother me  I wouldn't try it in front of pa though was I you 
Shush .Time for bed anyway  Likely these'll need some takin' in Oh Martie you're that gaunted Ma's havin' a turkey for dinner tomorrow and 
Finish your breakfast 
Well then I guess I'd better leave the two of you alone. But don't forget 
Oh damnit.
You.
I just had a really strange experience.
I was so excited about meeting you. Again and again I kept getting in the back of the line so I could be the last to talk to you.
Someone from the village.
Yeah  I have to go to town.
Okay so the house has a history and there might still be a couple of corpses in the moors. There is something negative about the place  What the hell are you trying to say. Come on. Spit it out.
We loved each other once. Have you forgotten that.
I wouldn't have made it by myself.
You're doing fine aren't you. I mean  the two of you alone in that house so far out in the moor.
The speech is excellent. Oh then I see Queen Mab hath been with you. Excellent and a good length. But then he disappears for the length of a bible.
Ah
I had the Christopher Marlowe in my boat once.
Sir Robert De Lesseps.
My Massacre at Paris is complete.
You have the last act.
See you in jail.
I am still owed money for this play Burbage.
I am here to help you. Tell me in your own words.
Tell me are you lately humbled in the act of love.
The woman who wears the snake will dream of you and your gift will return. Words will flow like a river. I will see you in a week.
Who is that.
Take his feet out. Where will you get
And a share. We will be partners Mr. Fennyman.
Good title.
God be praised. Locked.
Henslowe you have no soul so how can you understand the emptiness that seeks a soulmate.
Well I am a dead man and buggered to boot. My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks my company is playing the inn yards of England while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece written for my theatre by my writer at my risk when you were green and grateful  
What piece. Richard Crookback.
To my weekly confession.
You want to know what parts you are to receive. All will be settled as we go
By God Will if you do not who does. Let us have pirates clowns and a happy ending or we will send you back to Stratford to your wife.
I have a new one nearly done and better. The Massacre at Paris.
The daughter of his enemy.
Is the day so young.
It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours.
Lady Viola is pious my lord.
Will you ask Her Majesty to be patient..
But Silvia I did not care for much. His fingers were red from fighting and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons. Stage love will never be true love while the law of the land has our heroines played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats. Oh when can we see another.
Well monied is the same as well born and well married is more so. Lord Wessex was looking at you tonight.
But I would be Valentine and Silvia too. Good Nurse God save you and good night. I would stay asleep my whole life if I could dream myself into a company of players.
Verona again.
Lord Wessex as I foretold has lost his wife in the play  house  go make your farewell and send her out. It's time to settle accounts. How much was the wager.
Give it to Master Kent. He will see it rightfully home. WESSEX gives his purse to VIOLA.
But your voice Have they dropped.
Sin from my lips. Oh trespass sweetly urg'd. Give me my sin again.
Is she obedient.
Oh. What is your name.
Oh but why alas.
Moonlight.
It was the owl  come to bed
He was not dead before. I would exchange all my plays to come for all of his that will never come.
I have hurt you and I am sorry for it.
I have spoken with your father.
No sir.
Oh Thomas her lips. The early morning rose would wither on the branch if it could feel envy.
Constantly. Without doubt. And plays the lute she has a natural ear. And her bosom  did I mention her bosom.
A man my lord.
Come on David.
He couldn't get his car started.
And what about you.
No not that.
Then what. Who's going to do what.
Now.
How much.
You're not eating.
Looking for you. Yes.
They know. So what. They have nothing there is nothing to connect us to that bodies stuff.
So I gathered.
Where do you think you'll go.
Animals involved. I know but you need a change. And besides we're short.
That's all.
Oh no problems. Don't worry.
Yes.
Yes.
   more than anyone she has ever met. In her whole life.
   instead of what he is   
He's got a car.
Cameron. You remember Cameron.
Who was it.
Are you all right.
No no it's different.
I don't want it to taste different. I don't know why I bother. Is that enough for you. Hey.
Because that's no good. Remember we did what we did we took the money. It was a material calculation. But what's the use if it's underground or in some funny bank in some funny place. If you can't spend it if you can't have it what use is it. None. It's nothing all for nothing if you do that. I didn't get into this for nothing so that I could have nothing   
He'll come down. Leave him alone.
We have to talk.
Your painful groin.
Now you thought of that not me.
The perfect couple I should say.
Don't worry about it. I'd do exactly the same but I don't think I'm his type.
Yeah.
That wasn't a question.
OK I'm going to play you just a few seconds of this tape I'd like you to name the song the lead singer and the three hit singles subsequently recorded by him with another band.
Did you ever kill a man.
It's alright. I think he got the message anyway.
Two hundred pounds.
No one. I promise.
With a face like this.
What.
Right here.
But they sneer don't they.
Oh it's unfashionable I know but yes we're methodical yes we're dilligent yes we're serious and where's the crime in that and why not shout it from the rooftops yes maybe sometimes we are a little bit boring but by God we get the job done.
And that's why I think you fit in here.
What happened to that guy.
I'd be delighted.
Yeah. Well maybe I'll change it.
The human condition.
I write about it.
Same as everyone else.
I suppose so.
One other thing. Do you have any tattoos.
It's just fabulous. Think you could do anything for me.
You make me sick. Just be straight for once in your life.
Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it that's a beautiful thing he's doing some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks   
Lester you're a miserable man. You're not helping anybody. You're just twisting arms to raise money for a lot of silly son of a bitches that are out for themselves this is just business don't kid yourself. And you know the worst thing about it even if it does somebody some good somewhere which I can't possibly imagine you'll never know the difference. You're just sweating and kidding yourself   and you're kidding yourself if you think your new business partner is going to keep his hands off that girl or that she'll keep her hands off him.
What.
That's very serious. Who's her doctor.
Ruth Lesserman had a pancreatic ulcer.
I'll be back in a while.
I don't want to place you in any position   
I hope she's all right.
She's fine. You really think I'd be a good investment.
That's great. You look great baby great. Dennis look at Felicia's hair.
No that's okay I'll do It now.
No baby. Now look that girl that called I have to talk to her she'll do something.
Don't worry honey I'll protect you.
Yeah 
How is she.
Buffums.
Don't use that tone of voice with me  never mind I'll take Gordon.
Devra try Jackie Shawn will you. And if you don't reach her keep trying.
   Maybe she'll come with us. If I tell her how important it is to me I don't think she'll mind. Do you.
Well I do.
It's the sauna I keep the sauna on and it makes the whole bathroom hot.
Do you. You still see him.
If you screw me up for tonight I'll kill you I swear to God I'll kill you.
Can I count on that. I just want to see Lester with me and that cunt in the same room tonight.
You did I know you did.
One of my few virtues is discretion.
I don't want to  I swear 
   this guy with Jill.
He never stopped.
We're friends.
   well if you feel like playing go play 
   ass and legs   
Not me pal.
So I'm saying it 
What for.
Oh yeah.
Yeah .
If I have to touch her again I'll throw up.
Don't talk like a child. You're a pro now get out there and cut.
   Oh my yes.
   you shouldn't do me like that 
Well like what.
Who.
Great great fantastic. Fantastic. Incredible. Incredible really incredible.
They want me to go to Egypt for three weeks.
I said I wasn't sure if I could go.
Egypt.
Okay but how did it go at the bank.
Hey baby say hello to Felicia.
Look either we have a meaningful relationship or we don't I've got to know.
A friend dropped me off.
Oh honey. If we had one place we could have a nicer place and I could take care of it. We're almost never here.
Commercials.
   what. I'll see you later 
I do Jill.
Well that's something.
Well did you get a job out of it at least.
What difference does it make.
Stop it.
But Mr. Norman said   
I'm better than the guy I work for.
But personal services are not the kind of thing I usually get into.
No they're a pain in the ass there's no way of keeping track of anything. It's a cash business and you've got to watch your operators or they'll steal you blind am I right or am I right.
When.
Oh yeah.
I know it I know it.
See she doesn't drink too much.
Layered.
Yeah I'm unhappy with you about something.
Godammit George 
Now wait a minute 
What can I say.
I wanna know your thinking I wanna know how someone like you thinks. Did you think you could get away with it did you think you could put something over on me. Does a guy like you get his kicks sneaking around behind people's backs and taking advantage of them. Maybe that's your idea of being anti Establishment.
That's got nothing to do with it  You're so beyond my comprehension I can't even discuss it with you.
Okay thanks.
Who.
I'm finished with her.
What.
Okay okay 
How did you lose that key. Oh George this is uh Miss this is Jackie.
I am.
What's that.
Does she know about us.
Yes Jackie Shawn my wi Felicia.
Jackie what're you doing.
I'm not. Maybe I am.
Don't be silly.
   No. No really.
   I guess it's all got to do with this shop.
   Yesss.
   uhh huhh 
Well  I just kept wiping that dish. Maybe it doesn't sound very sexy but it was.
   never mind.
You're going.
   oh no honey I'll do that 
Jill.
Terrific. Now all I have to do is find my car keys.
Where to Les.
French Fries and Ketchup.
Tony's the little boy who lives in my mouth.
Is Tony the one that tells you things.
Now think real hard Doc. Think.
Yeah I know. It always takes a little time to make new friends.
All right.
I won't Mom.
Red Rum. Red Rum. Red Rum.
Mommy  Mommy .
Do you remember when you were brushing your teeth.
if you were to open your mouth now could I see Tony.
Where does he go.
Great. Sit down. Oh these marvellous doughnuts help yourself. Coffee will be ready in a few minutes.
Why no sir. I don't believe so.
And er  where are they now.
A nigger.
Grady  oh.
For the moment Mr. Grady. Only for the moment.
I'm a Wendy.
It's not a matter that concerns you Mr. Torrance   at least not at this point.
Uh huh.
Yeah  that's all it is.
It's okay. It's okay now. Really.
Which room was it.
And you didn't see anything at all.
Absolutely nothing. How is he.
I can't really remember.
Why.
Give me the bat.
Go away.
Go away.
Well 
 the winters can be fantastically cruel and the basic idea is to to cope with the very costly damage and depreciation which can occur. And this consists mainly of running the boiler heating different parts of the hotel on a daily rotating basis repairing damage as it occurs and doing repairs so that the elements can't get a foothold.
Well that sounds fine to me.
Boy I bet you we could really have a good party in this room huh hon.
Just like a ghost ship huh.
Fine.
Jack is a schoolteacher.
Hey take it easy. I know how you feel.
Rats 
Yeah.
No.
Well  I like it that you always know how to say things Uncle Al.
I know you don't. But I want this to be our secret. You get that don't you.
A tracer. You'll like it.
You're welcome a million Marty. Stick 'em in the bushes for now.
Marty do you see your suspect.
It could have been anything Marty.
I think I hear it.
You know I just might.
We were talking about the wild thing. Teen promiscuity.
Hey Sisters. Are you going in there.
Vince 
You bastard.
We can still see each other. Just like always. It's a different kind of sin. Smaller.
I am sorry for all my sins. And yours.
Joey do it.
Yes Betty.
Oh huh.
Yes Betty.
The goods. The sound. The sale. Let's rearrange a few things. Mary Patrick you re not a natural soprano you're an alto. Get over here. Mary Robert   with the sopranos.
No way. We're a choir right. Headliners. The big room. Two days a week won't cut it. Every day.
Because we're
Pay attention 
Mary Lazarus I get the feeling that you like discipline. Hard work.
A bunch of real mama's girls.
Hopeless I
What. What time is it.
A cigarette.
Excuse me.
Good point. Especially that dude you were with. I'd like to see him down front.
I don't know some people just don't like nuns. I wish I had a ruler.
I don't want to mess anyone up 
Oh no. We'll always be together.
Right to Hell. Just kidding. Where is that bus.
What did He say.
Christy. Christy Van Cartier.
Your cigarette out.
Before we do you might like to freshen up. And you'll certainly want to change
Like to who.
A fast. To remind us of the poor of those who must endure without enough to eat.
My what.
Girls this is Sister Mary Clarence. She'll be minding you until Sister Mary Patrick's return. Mary Clarence please assign a biblical passage. Do not attempt discussion. Am I understood.
It never solves anything.
Hold on. That's not fair. I worked hard with them. They gave up their free time and they loved it. Those women are happy. And we can get even better. We can wake this place up.
The majority has spoken.
At least he's not a cop. At least he can afford a decent gift.
Screw you.
It wasn't my fault. They just showed up. It's helping the convent.
How.
Jerusalem is a real drag. Everybody hates me.
People throw stones. They call me names. I mean really.
It's a bluff Vince.
What's the problem.
So take it off.
That's what I figured too.
And then we can ice her. No nun no evil eye.
She's our inspiration.
I love you Chris. I always will. I gave you so much. My time. My affection. A big time career. And how do you repay me. What's the thanks I get. Where's the loyalty huh. Where's the love.
Excuse me.
The Lenape. He comes to gawk at civilization from time to time.
Then you should have left two days ago because I have men willing to help me today.
Oh. Far as I can tell a rumor does not travel alone for long here.
Yes sir  but do you have these.
Of course. You want them  it shall not take long. Wait here.
Master Hardenbrook 
Well  that might be  helpful.
I shall gladly.
Why would he flee this direction with so much open ground to cross before he reached cover.
Young Masbath I am sorry for your loss. It is a great and sad tragedy. However  I cannot be the one to look after you now.
Business best hidden is hidden best at night.
But if the farm is not mine who stole it away.
Lady Van Tassel.
What was she doing.
It is nothing. She comes to read books so her father will not find her. It is absolutely nothing.
I doubt that's the end.
Tired.
He has proposed to me twice.
May I ask  why do you cover your book that way.
If you want. But 
You are not regarding it in full. The Widow Windsor had been run through by a sword. I followed the bloodless wound a wound whose path I could not comprehend till I had seen the Horseman with my own eyes.
The child she carried was eight months grown at least  near to birthing. The sword had pierced its tiny heart exactly.
She is not your birth mother is she.
Memories have come back. I had them forgotten and wish I could forget them again  but they are here now. Lord how I hate this place.
He did not do these things. If you knew him you would realize 
No. Get to the crest of the roof and be ready to jump.
I didn't see none.
Leave me. You are not welcome here.
He saw me thrown  saw the Horseman looming over me as I fled. Things I wanted him to see. But as long as I govern the Horseman he cannot harm me. Baltus did not stay enough to see that. He ran as a coward unfettered by my fate.
May I see my mother.
Now it's minimal wage and there ain't nothin' but a army cot and a toilet back there.
All right then.
I'll let you off while it's still daylight.
Scooter let's me and you go over to Dairy Queen and pick up a few things for lunchtime.
Good to see you Bill. How's everybody doin'.
Okay stop back by. Don't worry about your boy here he's doin' good.
I was kindly wantin' somethin' or 'nother d'eat.
Naw we don't have biscuits.
Sixty for small and seventy five for large.
I ain't sayin' it's right. I'm just tellin' the truth. What was he in the nuthouse for.
You're not crippled. Get in there and make somethin'.
This is not your house Doyle. This is my house and I'll say who stays and goes. You've got a house why don't you go get one of your girlfriends and go home to it.
He's real honest. He wouldn't steal nothin'.
I heard you was more than friends. I heard Dick Rivers caught y'all all bowed up and goin' at it in the same room with poor little old Mizz Ogletree and her dead as a doornail layed out on a gurney.
Sure. It sounded like a number one tune all right.
I'll kill you you fuckin' faggot. You mind your own business. Now get out. Now before I get too mad to turn back.
What's all them books.
You told me to come by.
I ain't no good at it. I just come by.
Two people.
I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
Well I hate him.
I don't see how you can eat that stuff with all those insides it's made out of.
All right then.
I didn't feel right about doin' that. I takened a shoe box from there in the shed and emptied out some screwdrivers and nuts and warshers from it and put the little feller in that and buried him in the corner of the yard there. That seemed more proper to me I reckon.
You will. For sure.
Yessir.
It was fun anyhow.
Man. Thanks. You know when you get a feelin' and you don't know why.
Okay. I give you my word. Is ever'thing gonna be okay. Are you all right.
They ain't even no good. The only one can play is Randy Horsefeathers. He claims he's an Indian. His real name's Randy Collins and he works at the feed mill. He can at least play guitar.
I know honey. Just remember what I said we'll bide our time. You just steer clear of him as much as you can. Doyle's had a real hard life. It's just about run him crazy I think.
I ain't got no boy.
I told 'em about it. They know I'm well. That Mizz Wheatley made me some biscuits.
Tolerable I reckon.
Yes ma'am.
Okay.
Where'd he go. What's goin' on.
What brings you back.
So you're really going to stay here.
Well that's a very offensive way to put it. You shouldn't say that. You were taught that weren't you.
I've heard it said that way.
Oh. How about before that.
Before that I was thinkin' it'd be good if I could get another three or four cans of that potted meat if you got any extry.
Well sure okay. He hasn't hurt them has he.
I don't reckon you have to go with women to be a daddy to a boy. You've been real square dealin' with me. The Bible says two men ort not lay together. But I'll bet you the Good Lord wouldn't send nobody like you to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell I call it Hades. That boy lives inside of his own heart. Hits an awful big place. You take care of that boy.
Frank's just crazy about him. He likes the way he talks. He helped him carry home the clean laundry.
He's been in the state hospital a long time something must be wrong with him.
In a few minutes we're gonna be in a room with a killer. That doesn't bother you.
It's the best you're gonna get. I'm sorry.
Wherever he wants to. I think he's going back to Millsburg where he's from. It's just about twenty miles from here.
Yes.
I think everybody at the store knows that already. They always talk about it. Maureen Ledbetter told a awful story about why you ain't allowed over at the First Baptist Church no more.
Your dissertation. What subject do you study.
I'll tell you all about it .. but not here.
You run out of Schimmelpennincks.
Do you think I could buy some before you leave.
I've never seen anything like it.
You'll never get it if you don't slow down my friend.
It's his birthday so we decided to whoop it up a little.
No he's not. You are.
Nothing much. He said his socks and underpants were dirty and would we mind driving up with his things. Fucking kids huh. They take you for granted every time.
That's a feather in your cap man. The paper of record.
Good. Of course. Are you kidding. I'll tell you what. Buy me lunch my friend and I'll tell you the best Christmas story you ever heard. How's that. And I guarantee every word of it is true.
Okay. So this is the story of how it happened. Okay. It was the summer of 'seventy six back when I first started working for Vinnie. The summer of the bicentennial. A kid came in one morning and started stealing things from the store. He's standing by the rack of paperbacks near the front window stuffing skin magazines under his shirt. It was crowded around the counter just then so I didn't see him at first .
Yeah probably.
It was a good deed Auggie. It was a nice thing you did for her.
I lied to her and then I stole from her. I don't see how you can call that a good deed.
I wouldn't say that. But at least you've put the camera to good use.
And you think it looks better to go around dressed up like Captain Hook.
You always were a son of a bitch weren't you. A little weasel with a quick dirty mouth.
It means happiness.
Why would I lie to you Auggie. You think it was easy to come here and walk into this place. Why would I do it if I didn't have to.
Then why do you think I married Frank. I was already pregnant and I didn't have much time. Say what you like but at least he gave my kid a name.
Good old Frank. And how is fat Mr. Grease Monkey these days.
Nice try old girl. I'd like to help you out. You know for old time's sake. But all my spare cash is tied up in a business venture and I haven't collected my profits yet. Too bad. You caught me at the wrong time.
Look I'm not saying you don't have a daughter. It's just that she's not my daughter.
Yeah. And what else am I supposed to do. There's no baby anymore and if she wants to throw away her life that's her business.
I can't believe it. Oh God I can't believe it. You're an angel Auggie. An angel from heaven.
Enjoy it while you can Vin. Pretty soon they're going to legislate us out of business anyway.
Shit. I don't want your money you little twerp. It's probably stolen anyway.
So I can get my job back.
Of course it hurts. What does it look like.
Forty four. They're on special this week from the Canary Islands. A real bargain.
And his parents.
And nothing. Thomas looked at me straight in the eye and said I don't have a father. As far as I'm concerned that son of a bitch is dead.
Why don't you pick some other spot. It gives a man the creeps to be stared at all morning.
Son of a bitch. You're some piece of work aren't you.
I don't know. I try. Every day I keep on trying but it's no easy task for a man to change his nature. I'm off the booze though. Haven't had a drop in six years. And now I've got me a wife. Doreen. Best damned woman I've ever known. And a little boy too. Cyrus Junior. So things have definitely improved since I got fitted with this hook. If I can just turn this goddamn garage around I'll be in pretty good shape.
Yeah but he's my son. Nothing strange about that. He's my own flesh and blood. But here you got the same name as this man here and you're not even the same color.
Thomas.
Jesus Tommy it ain't science you know. You got your good trades and your bad trades. That's how it works.
I can't believe I did that.. Christ. I'm walking around in a fog..
I just happened to be there. The right place at the right time.
Come on. At least let me buy you a cup of coffee.
I don't drink coffee. On the other hand since you insist if you offered me a cold lemonade. I wouldn't say no.
You don't have to tell me if you don't want to but I might be able to help.
Then what are you doing in Park Slope. It's a little far from home isn't it.
The what.
The material world is an illusion. It doesn't matter if they're there or not. The world is in my head.
Appreciation for what.
I don't know. Two or three. It was pretty late.
Just so you don't overdo it. You don't want to die of sleep deprivation before you finish.
If I tell you I might not be able to finish it.
Yeah it might be.
Not exactly. I mean there was more to it than I told you.
What are you sellin' 'em for. Why don't we start there.
A thousand.
No sense to have <u>any</u> at all. even the right size. It's like having an extra battery in the trunk of your car. Nobody does.
Easy. Slow is best.
We're Japanese not Mexican Ishmael. He'll slice you up with a ceremonial sword.
I'm sorry about your arm. Kabuo and I. Are very sor 
It's not for the. They only get to convict him.
 but he found you.
And you were generally experienced in training men for hand to hand combat.
From Carl Heine's boat. All his were like this one three strand manila new condition braided in loops. Not bowlined like Miyamoto's.
Twelve.
Won't take two.
Just as the freighter comes through. Isn't that quite a coincidence.
But you <u>could</u> be wrong. He <u>could</u> have climbed up earlier.
You ever been strangled by a single hand.
Sure you did. Help me with this hold cover willya.
And what do you believe.
Right. In the middle. Of the floor.
Yessir there'd been real heavy fog.
I don't think so.
Possible. But not darn likely.
And her farmhouse .
Not in those words.
Such as.
Spirit.    Oh. You mean AQ aggressive qualities.
Forget it doll. After all you work here   I work here   and believe you me it's nice to have you with the organization.
That's the way I like 'em   big and sassy. And get rid of your roommate.
All right girls   from the top again.
I don't know   but I can feel it right here. That's one good thing about ulcers   it's like a burglar alarm going off inside you.
Thank you ever so.
You're welcome.
Fresh.
I'll say.
I mean we get paid tonight don't we.
Yeah. Why.
No we're not.
First thing tomorrow we're going out to the dog track and put the whole bundle on Greased Lightning.
You're going to bet my money on a dog.
Look at those odds   ten to one. If he wins we can pay everybody.
What are you worried about. This job is going to last a long time.
I told you   it's a sure thing.
Look stupid he's ten to one. Tomorrow we'll have twenty overcoats.
It's twelve bucks. We can get one of the overcoats out of hock.
You don't see any blood.
The police. We'd never live to testify. Not against Spats Colombo. Wabash 1098.
Now you've done it.
Done what.
You better come help me.
You tore it again.
But suppose I lose. Suppose it's an emergency.
It's not my fault. I didn't invite them.
You promised   the minute we hit Florida we were going to beat it.
Listen stupid   right now Spats Colombo and his chums are looking for us in every male band in the country.
You   you  
And what are you trying to do to poor Sugar. Putting on that millionaire act   and that phony accent   Nobody talks like that. I've seen you pull some low tricks on dames   but this is the trickiest and the lowest and the meanest  
Why do I let you talk me into these things. Why.
Congratulations. Who's the lucky girl.
But you're not a girl. You're a guy. And why would a guy want to marry a guy.
I'll say there is.
Oh.
Jerry listen to me   there are laws   conventions   it's just not being done.
I'm a boy   I'm a boy   I wish I were dead   I'm a boy   I'm a boy   What am I going to do about my engagement present.
Daphne got a proposal tonight.
What do you think you're doing.
Elope. But there are laws   conventions  
Oh I can think of a million things  
Stay as long as you'd like.
No no.
How's the bottle.
That's from carrying around the bull fiddle.
Or was it Bryn Mawr.
Come on Daphne.
Now look Daphne   hands off   I saw him first.
If I'd been watching my step I never would have met him. Wait till I tell Josephine.
That's what I call a louse. If I were you Sugar I'd throw that bracelet right back in his face.
My last wife was an acrobatic dancer   you know sort of a contortionist   she could smoke a cigarette while holding it between her toes   Zowie.   but Mama broke it up.
Why.
Well then why don't we go dancing. I know a little road house down the coast  
About that roadhouse  
They got a Cuban band that's the berries. Why don't we go there   blindfold the orchestra   and tango till dawn.
What kind of band is this anyway.
Afford it.
Me.
That's why I joined this band. Safety first. Anything to get away from those bums.
So you pull yourself together and you go on to the next job and the next saxophone player and it's the same thing all over again. See what I mean.   not very bright.
What's in Florida.
Oh I don't care how rich he is   as long as he has a yacht and his own private railroad car and his own toothpaste.
Why not.
What makes you so sure.
You're not hurt are you.
Well don't worry. I won't sue you   no matter who you are.
Not very likely.
Yeah. Real hot.
Good school. And your family doesn't object to your career.
I thought you might like to come to the hotel and hear us play.
I only come ashore twice a day   when the tide goes out.
Please   no names. Just call me Junior.
If it's at all possible  
Three.
Yes   that's our hurricane cellar.
Water polo   isn't that terribly dangerous.
Oh it's not that. It's just that I'm   harmless.
Well I don't know how to put it   but I have this thing about girls.
It's more like a mental block. When I'm with girls it does nothing to me.
Have I. I'm trying all the time.
What happened.
Well it was my freshman year at Princeton   there was this girl   her name was Nellie   her father was vice president of Hupmobile   she wore glasses too. That summer we spent our vacation at the Grand Canyon   we were standing on the highest ledge watching the sunset   suddenly we had an impulse to kiss   I took off my glasses   I took a step toward her   she took a step toward me  
Talk about sad.
My family did everything they could   hired the most beautiful French upstairs maids   got a special tutor to read me all the books that were banned in Boston   imported a whole troupe of Balinese dancers with bells on their ankles and those long fingernails   what a waste of money.
Where to. South America. Oh. That is unexpected.
I knew you would.
I come to the old lady's funeral.
I don't believe I've seen you at any of our services before.
I heard you opera lovers were having a little rally   so I thought I better be around in case anybody decides to sing.
I sleep with my spats on.
Thanks Charlie.
Are you sure you’re okay.
I’m fine. I promise.
I knew you were still seeing someone else when we finally got together. I never in a million years would have dreamt it was Jeffrey.
Last night.
I’m a hooker.
No.
No tell me.
Maybe not her least  There’s always  
I have regrets.
It’s called character. God you’re predictable.
On the nose. I tell you what because you’re so cute I’ll take care of our incidentals.
What is.
A weekend.
Your “friend” guaranteed my anonymity.
Oh no.
What..
If I was going to charge you I would have told you beforehand. I thought I explained that.
Yeah. For all I know come Monday morning we’ll go back to the real world and and you’ll be hiring me for your best friend.
I have to. I’m the best man.
Therapist.
You knew.
Hi kiddo.
Let me see it 
I try 
Colored.
Well you shouldn't worry about him too much David.
: HEARTS. AND TO THEMSELVES IN THESE DAYS THAT TRY THEIR SOULS 
It was too dark Daddy.
Yeah. We better git back to house now.
Well ain't you gon' open and read it for us.
Yes David 
Then why don't he holler like he usta.
Can I go when the holiday comes.
Good. But you don't have to tell the whole valley 'bout it. You'll get that woman in trouble.
Yes mam 
She says I can come live with her while school goin' on and come back home every time there ain't no school.
Don't mention this to anyone. You hear me David.
I'll walk 
And if they saw me pitch the way I did today they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth.
Is he gon' be gone long.
I brought these walnuts to trade.
The season is a long way off Mr. Howard and by that time Nathan oughta be home. If he ain't believe me the children and me we will grow the crops. We have to because we owe you all that money Mr. Howard.
It's a shame Reverend. It's a damn shame.
I wish I could Rebecca but I can't let you.
Wait you're supposed to tell me how to get Wendy to like me.
There are more important matters right now 
My head hurts.
Eric.
I said  
I saw him last night.
Sheet.
No I know. I'm just fucking STOKED I don't have to pay him.
What.
Your behind.
Sure dude. On the face of every child on the smile of every baby 
I don't have proofs of purchases from Snacky Smores Kenny.
What the hell are you guys doing here.
I bet him he couldn't set himself on fire and now he's all pissed off.. AGH. I can't say pissed off.. AGH..
What. Fuck French people. Fuck 'em in the ear.
The N word.
Oh yeah.
I don't know.
Baba mama.
What. What do you mean you don't belong here. Relax guy hell is for children.
A deal. You wanna make a deal with the devil. Well sure deals are mounds o' fun.
Oh you want out of hell huh.
Okay.
Careful. Was my mother careful when she stabbed me in the heart with a clothes hanger while I was still in ze womb.
We HAVE to see this movie dude.
You bastards..
Dude. It's the V chip. It shocks him ever time he cusses.
Did you shut the alarm off Cartman.
Sweet.
Are you sure Kenny.
What about air strikes.
Huh.
Oh uh  I don't know if air strikes are necessary.
Right away ma'am.
This is NOT a place for fun and games. This is rehabilitation. Now GET TO IT.. We at MAC have a trial to go to.
Very encouraging. Most of the children have been weened from their naughty mouths.
Hello Brooke Shields.
This little scrotum sucker willfully deceived us. You are a bad man.
The young boy that died lit himself on fire. It was unfortunate but how can they blame US.
You did. Just now.
Indeedy that was a delicious choice of words.
No I'm being serious. Those Canadian entertainers are to be killed. It is the seventh sign.
Do you always think about sex. I'm talking about some very important stuff here.
Who gives a fuck.. I was just fucking with him.
Stan  I think you and I need some time apart.
What's the matter Wendy.
Anna 
It can't be.
Look answer my question.
Why didn't they say.
Taylor you surprise me.
I told you not to try anything smart. I guess you're too much of a maverick to follow a simple order. And that's just too bad for all of you now isn't it.
Well don't drag your ass. There won't be much of a window for us to link up. We'll be in your orbit trajectory in less than two hours.
Will do. What about the distress signal.
Cool your jets I'm doing a little damage control.
Like that piece of ass he was with.
Yes. Theoretical discoveries aside there's nothing like the real thing. How about you.
It depends on the condition of the ship. If I could get to one of the suit compartments I could check the exterior air locks for a possible entry.
Great.
Yeah but you didn't answer my question.
No 
But you can't be sure. It's suicide. You have to come with us.
We don't have time. I'll explain later hurry.
Thank you.
Look you were the one who wanted to do something different something to tell all your friends. Any chump can go to Nassau.
Talk to him Jesus 
I'm sorry. The suit compartments are in a non oxygenated zero gravity atmosphere. I'm afraid that's off limits to all passengers.
You said it would be unethical to help me. You call dwarf bowling ethical.
You listen to the feelings not the words.
But not no more. Now people take advantage. Bowling ain't what it used to be. There's something evil spreading in this sport   like a big gigantic puss  ridden  
Think he bought it.
You don't need coffee Mr. Fazeli; you need a vacation. Sheila catches sight of Theo pulling into the parking lot. She puts a Ken head earring in her right ear. Buzz follows Sheila's gaze.
Theo's bowled on the tour.
That game was before you was born.
Thanks.
Grace Skinner.
I got a right. You're my father.
The small ball.
Look kid gimme a break. I'm an old man. I'm runnin' on a Delrin aorta. I'm finished   dead from my ankles up.
He says that to all his wives.
Bowling died for me years ago. Besides I'm a living dead legend. I'm a hero.
He's not the guy Millie. Just whip the whips.
I looked in his car. He's got pictures of you clippings maps.
Millie please. I don't have a son. I think you better leave now young man. Buzz gestures towards the front door.
It feels good to let it out doesn't it. Sheila leans over and whispers furiously to her father.
NO. I SAY KNOCK KNOCK. You say who's there. I say who's there and then you say who who. You're not playing right. Knock knock.
SHEILA.
It's not an Alley. I hate when people call it a Bowling Alley it's so common. I prefer Bowling Center.
I heard you've been having a little trouble with the Congress. Theo pulls his eyes off Sheila. Kastle walks Theo past pairs of bowlers.
Yeah.
Having a legend for a dad isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Your dad's one of the only nice people in this fucking town. My Dad is slime. Kastle walks over. Theo stands up and shakes Kastle's proffered hand.
Where did your brother escape from.
Do you have a boyfriend.
No. Not at the present.
So what about you.
Do I want you.
I don't know. It's all I ever wanted to do.
Why were you suspended.
What do you think my dad's gonna do for you.
Yeah but they're all little wannabes. I'm looking for a professional man.
Are you fucking with me Sheila. Is something gonna happen to Buzz. Sheila seems to be trying to tell Theo but is unable.
It's Junior isn't it.
He's dead Sheila.
I didn't come this far to bury a guy that's not my dad. He owes me.
Lips still for sale.
So Buzz was stooling for you guys.
Who identified the body.
Fletcher I want you back here.
Fletcher. Now.
I said back away.
Yeasts. Thank you Beth but I don't think we're gonna open it up and find a loaf of bread.
The Pentagon. I didn't know I had friends in Washington.
It doesn't make any sense.
You mean what's in that thing is immortal.
   without a cautionary word to anyone. You know Ted said something to me earlier. I think he's right. He said When you got a guy who if he wasn't here he'd be standing in the unemployment line you gotta question if you got the right guy.
That's smart. Let's talk about guns and violence.
Thank you I can see that. Try something else.
If the subs aren't here yet sir   
Right. So you're saying it survived a high speed impact with water without a scratch.
I'm not saying anything Harry I'm just stating the facts. The outer metal is made of a titanium alloy built into an epoxy  resin honeycomb. The necessary technology to bond this type of metal has never been invented.
I thought you said there wasn't any damage done in the crash.
You don't know that.
Please watch your closest monitor 
He understands me fine.
What if we go out there you know wedge a crowbar in the door and pry the thing open.
What is it.
What would we be working on in the future that would make us want to come back.
We're on the bottom of the fucking ocean he can't just walk outside.
What was Edmunds doing outside.
What sub.
I spent a week reading Sagan and watching re runs of the Twilight Zone. Seriously. I was just trying to pay the mortgage on my house I had no idea   
Just keep your mouth shut alright. This could mean everything to our careers you know that. Don't jeopardize this.
What.
And you didn't tell anyone.
She was crushed. Feel her skin it's like sandpaper.
Yeah he <u>told</u> you. Think. What was Barnes doing before they cut that cable loose. He was on the phone. Except that cable is a thousand feet long Norman. They would've broken off communication with us four five minutes before they cleared out.
So what.
You did didn't you.
Don't do this.
Beth I didn't. Hold it together. Alright.
Four days.
My air isn't  I'm coming back.
  according to calculations of some naturalists one of these animals only six feet long would have tentacles 27 feet long. That would make a formidable monster.
Created. Brought to life. I don't know. But at the end Jerry said Stop calling me Jerry. And   
He acquired some sort of power. A power to manifest things.
How fast does it take effect.
I'm feeling better.
He can't manifest.
You're lying   
But   
And the snakes. You want to know about the snakes. You saw one outside earlier didn't you. When you thought I had deserted you you were terrified.
That's when you went in the sphere.
You manifested that Beth.
Is it.
But I have to Norman.
It's not safe for you to be either.
Yes. And I think we already know it will.
For who. The fish.
A light switch. A button opened that door the craft runs on some sort of power.
In time for what.
Like what. I'm not   
I'm not being defensive.
No why don't   
Wait a second I   
There's some sort of pattern here. It'll take a minute.
What happened to her.
Navy transmission. They're sent from Wisconsin.
Don't have to. Watch. It'll do it for you.
You know what it is Harry.
Stop what. What are you   
I could hit her a little harder. More toward the cranium.
Shut up and open the door.
No idea.
Meaning it didn't land in the water.
Arrived. From where.
They're in the sub sir. Waiting.
About the time paradox. How we were all going to die that there was no way we would make it out of here alive   
No they didn't say   
Well everybody's been talking about that report you wrote.
Take a look. I rearranged the numbers. Put 'em up to the light. Go ahead. Squint at it.
Squint harder.
Unless it's an act.
They never used to send a Navy car.
A million at least  If this robot has information related to the destruction of Organa Major you'll be able to name the reward 
This isn't a game you know.
Of course. I'm a Bendu officer.
I know your intentions. I probably know much more about you than you realize. In many ways you're a lot like your father. He was an indulgent man but a clever warrior. Now what brings you out here.
My father told me many stories about you. He said if I was ever in trouble to come here  I need your help.
When a creature dies the force it generated remains. The Force is all around us. It can be collected and transmitted through the use of a Kiber crystal. It's the only way to amplify the power of the Force within you.
That's where my father was killed.
These are doubtful times. The Empire has grown bold in its disregard of the 
I don't get it but I guess I did block it.
I'm not going alone.
But there was a lot of firing earlier 
We captured the plans in a raid on the Imperial shipyards but we fell under attack before I could get the data to safety so I hid it in this Artoo unit and sent him off.
Why.
I know but the chances for survival here just aren't great enough in my book. I've got what I came for. Now I've got to get back to my ship.
It appears your ship had an accident. I will see to it that your death is duely reported. There will be no one to save you this time.
I know sir but it's the principle of the thing.
Sir  I guess I do sir.
Twenty five by five roll seven. And don't exceed port speed.
Zander please  Let's go
You weren't thinking you were dreaming
If we're gonna be a team why not be a real team
Funny 
You're right. Let's never stop 
Who cares The Federation'll give me everything I need for the next two years right
He left this morning. He couldn't say where.
I said it. Isn't that enough Don't forget to write
Number 4 contact Fleet and tell 'em there's a loose asteroid headed their way.
You were drifting. Flip six three hole. On one got it
Just throw me the ball Diz.
All bands.
Looks like rain.
It's aterm of service not a career. I just want to get out on my own and see the Galaxy for a couple of years.
He was a teacher kind of a know it all  Always had this little smile.
Here in Buenos Aires.
Courage I guess.
Uh no.
This is a Fleet driven operation son and the Fleet thinks my boat will be safer on the high ground. You can have everything else eh
Saddle up boys that's our trash
Move out.
Then I hope you have a crazy pilot Keep the line open Dizzy
The exact words of the text. But do you understand it Do you believe it
What is it Rico
Well my parents are against it and I know it's my choice but I was wondering  What would you do if you were me
Figuring things out for yourself is the only freedom anyone really has. Use that freedom. Make your own choice Rico.
Uni High Tigers sir. Don't you remember I was captain of the team.
V'ger travels to the third planet to find the Creator.
Because V'ger is going to destroy all the carbon units on the third planet.
<U>Answer</U>.
More data concerning this functioning is necessary before carbon units can be patterned for data storage.
'To learn all that is learnable.'
Yes.
Mister Decker; every minute brings that object nearer Earth. Engineering. Stand by for Warp Drive.
You saved the ship.
Sir you haven't logged a single star hour in two and a half years. That plus your unfamiliarity with the ship's design in my opinion sir seriously jeopardizes our mission.
How do you define <U>unwarranted</U> <U>mister</U>..
You asked my opinion sir.
They could have many ways of destroying things Mr. Decker.
No.
Captain  I'd like to go along 
That probe in there in a different form now is the same thing that <U>killed</U> Ilia.
Decker ..
I would never take advantage of a sexually immature species. You can assure him that's true can't you.
Impact in fifteen seconds 
We're already two settings below that sir.
Adjust parallel course Navigator. Bring us in to one hundred kilometers distance.
Viewer ahead sir.
Mr. Scott there's an alien object with unbelievable destructive power less than three days away from this planet 
Sit down please.
I want him here. Sit down.
Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un  known to me.
But they understood our messages; they broke off the attack.
Delay that order Scotty . Disengage all main drive systems.
'Is this all I am. Is there not more.'
Twelve. I'm on my way to a meeting with Admiral Nogura which will not last more than three minutes. Report to me on the Enterprise in one hour.
Confirm Captain. Lunar beacons indicate Intruder on a course into Earth orbit 
Well it had sentimental value.
It's 
Yes.
That's what the swing is <u>there</u> for 
<u>How</u> .
Well then it don't look good for the Huskies 
It's for your finger.
I used to go out with a politician.
Has been wounded by <u>her</u> heat by her <u>infidelities</u> 
Going home.
No. You I told them you can't betray with the picture what you're saying with the words. And I don't know the movies I don't know. They should be socially uplifting why does she have to show her br what is this .
You know what else a man can do.
What.
 the better to eat me with your dear.
Well I could <u>get</u> a rolltop desk.
That's why we filmfolk get along so well with you farmers. Both up with the chickens.
I'm going to tell the truth.
I'll knit you a sweater.
Ten thousand dollars.
We had a date.
Where have you been 
Why you <u>whore</u>.
That a fact. Now is it a good play.
Can't can't you build the Old Mill.
What is that in fingers . Just kidding get me this horse.
This horse is booked.
How old are you.
I wouldn't tell anyone anything that happened between me and somebody who was my friend.
I swear that that woman in my room 
The people came to see a motion <u>Picture</u> hold on 
Hold on: what Bob is saying you don't need 
You can go 
No you're absolutely r 
Thank you.
Nobody.
I think I should talk to my agent Marty you and I should we should really not discuss 
She's absolutely r 
I'm not a <u>child</u>  I have <u>feelings</u>  Don't you don't don't don't 
Look look I like you <u>very much</u> 
Claire Bob Bar 
Yes yes but 
You can't do what.
What.
Because he understood. That was her life's blood on the stage.
 and and and did she . And she did the seven shows 
No she didn't Claire. But I think you should do the scene.
I 
I know what you are I am <u>so</u> sorry that you when I read that script I said there's only one person to play that part.
I'm sorry Walt it's gone beyond that.
I want you to hear this pal  Forget the overages <u>forget</u> Ten Thousand Dollars for three days to two weeks. You know what it would cost for them to <u>build</u> this set. Two Million Dollars. Now:
Now: the Waterford Merchant's Association of who I am Council 
And I've got a witness. Your Mr. White saw the crime.
Eight hundred thousand dollars in cash.
Who's White .
The writer.
Sure.
Suspicions of arson these fires believed set by a disturbed Teenager were in fact the inspiration for the formation of 
Oh that's <u>great</u>. Let's bring more people into this overcrowded world.
I can only write on a manual.
I know the feeling.
Well you know you know that's a lie I I 
Grace 
And maybe it will be a better movie without the old mill I 
Where have you been .
I'm gonna nail it.
No what is it.
 that's just so <u>narrow</u> 
It's lovely.
A spate of suspicious fires which were in fact the inspiration for the formation of the Waterford Huskies 
I left that for you.
I'm gonna' bring it off.
IT'S A COMPUTER COMANY IT'S A COMPUTER COMPANY <u>BAZOOMER</u> <u>COM</u>.
He just saved us eight hundred thousand bucks.
I am so glad to meet you. We are so glad to <u>have</u> you here and <u>welcome</u> you to our I you know they had c I'm <u>yearly</u> I redecorate our to restore it to the 1835 
That's very kind of as a matter of  fact one I hate to <u>bother</u> you with 
I saw Budgie Gagnon leaning on the bank of the building. Said What are you doin'. He said I'm waitin' for the 'leven o'clock crossing 
But I couldn't r'member all the words. Ast them would they gimme a second chance.
Givvem a cigarette 
Then I can't do this shot you wants me to push in  I can't push in through the window We go back to New Hampshire.
I hate the crayon Burnt Sienna and people who spit when they walk.
I have to work on my video project. Don't follow me. I can put myself to bed.
It happens.
During sex.
 why do you think.
Well Daddy and I are just friends now and that's no reason not to wear mascara 
I'll be there for you.
I bet.
Actually. I could only help him.
Good girl.
Nothing sweetheart.
I know. I know how rough life can be. And how unfair. So here's what we do. Tomorrow on the lunch yard you walk <u>straight</u> <u>up</u> to that little jerk 
Here.
I'm almost done making it. Alright Ben <u>you</u> deal with the tardy <u>you</u> write yourself a note your daddy <u>told</u> you he had an important case this morning and he had to leave early and we were AAAAGGGGHHHH.
Thank God for that.
He's not kidnapped he's he's just hiding he's just BENNNN. GODDAMMIT.
Suits me <u>fine</u>.
No.
Is your bad.
That's Rache's song.
Always. Always. And you won't hear a voice. But in <u>here</u>. You'll know. What I'm saying.
Every day. More and more.
You think I didn't get that.
We're not discussing your age.
Luke I need to switch next Friday for Thursday so why don't you take the weekend ..that way you'll be there and I'll pick up Monday Tuesday and Wednesday.
Good Well Take care.
You're WHERE.
At the Big Apple Circus it's the only big top I know. I <u>said</u> I'd get 'em back tonight 
It's a huge moment in their life   
You can't be an 'us' just when you want to. You can't play that card when it's convenient.
Yet another spaghetti night.
This is Friday her riding lesson is on Tuesdays. I got it right here 
No. I thought it might be uncomfortable for her   
I did it for her.
Not personally.
Last week when she chopped her Barbie's bangs all to hell   
Yes.
I have given them more<u>love</u> and more <u>care</u> every fifteen <u>minutes</u> of their lives than you could manage in the next fifty <u>years</u>.
Do what you've worked your whole life to do.
That's motherhood. That's the job with or without a career. I'm telling you the biggest gift you can give them is your happiness. They <u>need</u> you to be happy.
Feeling the pressure.
Is that what you're worried about. Looking bad at the PTA.
<u>That's</u> what it is. And that's <u>all</u> it is.
Maybe I was wrong on that one.
It's complicated for Jackie. It's complicated for me You don't have kids you don't understand   
Oh right So it's just complicated for you and Jackie for me it's pretty simple cause I just don't understand 
It's no biggie.
I know that.
Imagine my relief. So what's for dinner.
Excuse me. 'Things are so confusing for me Jack. Our life feels too comfortable too safe too predict  able. It's a partnership it's juggling schedules. When I think of playing that out every day for the rest of my life '
He was in a concentration camp.
Wow. Why did your parents have so many children. I mean if they were poor wouldn't it be better to have just one or two.
No Mikey.
It is when you love someone and they don't love you. And then you do something about it.
Well I'm not really sure what you're trying to say. It's funny I suppose. But it seems glib and facile to just make fun of how idiotic these people are.
I was looking through Scooby's SATs practice books this afternoon and I took one of the practice tests. Guess what score I got.
Huh.
Oh. What happens now.
I was never much of a sweater. You know that.
Well I sure didn't hear you voice your opinion in there when it mattered.
Dad I'm trying to figure things out right now OK. It's like really hard and I'm just listening to some old Elton John and 
Tired of this shit 
Thanks.
OK. Stay there. I'll be right back.
Gee you're home early.
That's good.
Fuck me hard.
Oh that's too bad.
I do.
Maybe she has caller ID.
How'd you get it.
Sure…um…yeah as soon as I have a screening I'll let you know.
Well I I hope that  that  
I gotta keep you alive  it's in my contract.
You should listen your old man more often. He's got principles.
Yeah .
Used to Filmore used to.
Rule two: without alternative use yourself as a shield.
I guess not Cooper 
Are the labs in operation.
Hey now. No cussing on TV. Well in closing I'd like to say that there are two reasons to have that money outside in an hour. One is my perky co anchor here and the second is the lives of tens of thousands of people  people just like you and me.
We have a special forces squadron out of Thailand surrounding the compound as we speak.
I'll let the senator tell you.
Are you hungry. We can discuss some final arrangements over some slop in the galley.
You know when we reach Kompong Som  
The thing weighs more than a ton   you want to roll up your sleeves and try it..
I have your word Mister President.
We have many splendidly deep mines in our country.
Mister President I can't buy this malarkey; they wouldn't set the damn thing off. Why should they.
See. See I told you.
Who the hell do you think you are sir 
On your feet fella. I've got to get outside and see how my men are.
Yes. Who the hell is this.
General Ripper if I shut down the communi  cations center there'll be no radio or teleprinter contact with Air Command head  quarters or anyone for that matter.
Yes sir.
Please don't take any notice of this weapon Major. I love all weapons and as of late I've just taken to keeping a loaded weapon nearby at all times.
Well sir I was thinking if an enemy attack is in progress how come the radio's still playing music. It's supposed to go off and all we should hear are Civil Defense broadcasts.
But even then we wouldn't get everything. I mean some missiles would abort or they'd miss their targets or maybe the enemy have some secret bases we don't know about.
But General we're on our toes. We haven't agreed to anything for years. Inffact a a lot of people say we never will.
I'm afraid so Mister Presient. Being part of the air borne alert each plane is carrying a full load   about fifty megatons apiece.
Well what about the Positive Control the safety catch. Don't the planes automatically come back unless they get a second order.
We estimate the planes should be entering their coastal radar cover in about twenty five min  utes.
Then there's no chance for recall.
Have you tried the recall again.
Yes sir. We're still sending it. But it's a funny thing we don't seem to be able to make any contact with the aircraft at all.
Thanks Binky. Can you see Bromdingna Island yet.
You know what that'll do to our fuel consumption.
He's right. They must have clobbered some of our cities already.
Main interference linked to electronic detector. Fight interference on readi  ness state.
Missile and plane flight path computer showing four greens.
Look I'm shot   it hurts.
Damn you Lieutenant Toejam. Lothar.
First safety.
Binky.
Lothar get up here fast and bring your First  Aid kit. I'm hit kinda bad I think.
Sure. Sure I'm on my way.
Recall what mistake.
The CRM 114 is smashed right.
I'm okay. What's up.
Alright. She told him to meet us here. Fuck.
Can I have some.
Yeah.
Behind me. I'm making these slides out of these old pictures and paintings and stuff.
Why is everything about you Jeff.
Hey you said you did a video.
Yup.
Oh that's so amazing. I wish I could see it.
Yeah I'm a nurse's aide at Mercy.
Any gunshot victims.
Stuck who. What guy. Huh.
Oh I'll bet you he has a babe with him right out of a triple x video. Oh oh Pony come on give it to me. Stud. Oh.
Sorry.
No he's not with a girl.
I wouldn't. If I were in his shoes every morning I'd get up singing man. Do my work out take a shower followed by a hearty breakfast steak and eggs washed down with a pot of hot coffee six pack of Coors Lite. Then I'd order my bodyguard to go find my babe who would appear decked out in her all black leather Victoria Secret custom made bodysuit. So I'd like have to chew off all her clothes until she was completely nude. Except she'd have these amazing dragon tattoos all over her body and pierced nipples with little gold peace signs hanging from 'em. And then she'd take out this half ounce of blow we'd snap out a few mondo lines vaporize a few million brain cells screw for about an hour then spend the rest of the morning trashed watching Gilligan.
No I'm not saying that I wouldn't love it.
No I'm not I'm not worried. I'm not worried.
No. Life is too short.
Okay Buff listen to me for a second alright.
But I'd I'd do it for free. You know just for my reel.
Wait a minute wait a minute. You saw Erica last night.
Buff you got to stop making shit up. It didn't happen.
Wait. Hey man.
No no no.
That's bullshit. That's total utter bullshit.
Oh really. You wanna go look.
Come on.
Please.
Ah that's nice. They have many convenience stores there for you to stand in front of.
Okay come on. Time to slow down.
Yeah totally. So uh what do they interview you about.
So you like come from a town like this or .
Oh me too. Middle class.
Yes.
And you love him a lot. He bought you a BMW for your birthday but you finally had to move out and get your own place. I mean I know it's time to leave the nest. Parents hate your smoking. You didn't tell them about the abortion. All your friends got boob jobs you got the tattoo instead. Subscribe to Vaniety Fair.
You just seem to know all these things about me and I don't know anything about you you know. What kind of music do you like.
Mm.
Erica.
I know. It's okay.
Hi Jeff. Nice to meet you.
Pony and I are friends.
Who were you talking to.
You want to know what your problem is Jeff. You want to believe so bad you'll buy anything. It's true. Look at you. You're gullible and you're gutless.
Wow. You did that for me.
No.
No.
Is that Bee Bee.
No no no. I'm not being cynical I'm being honest.
But do you stand for anything.
You know all you know is what's good for you.
No I don't.
Oh yeah.
Is that a threat.
To his hotel.
No maybe not though. That that's what I'm trying to say.
You're unbelievable.
We sold uh over ninety thousand units and uh  and Danny says that we're gonna get a gold record. Yeah.
Yeah shit. Naw man you know. It's hard work you know.
Like songs.
Yeah yeah. That's the fucking problem.
Get off my property.
Hey you know what. Go fuck yourself.
Is that your driver.
Oh yeah.
Oh uh we're gonna go in the studio and we're we're doin' a new album.
You do not want me to do your cover.
Oh God that would be something I really want to do.
Mm hm.
Yeah I have I have yeah.
Yeah. God you showed up at such a weird time in my life.
So like your dad's a big deal right.
Oh How'd she get back.
The bar at the hotel. She told you that. What did she say exactly.
Well Dad she said she wanted to suck my cock.
If you hit me 
  my manager will slap an assault charge on your ass faster than you can say AA okay.
Yeah man my manager and my lawyer.
Uh eleven twenty five.
It's not the air force anymore Scuff
Tim's jealous you know. He wants to have ideas too.
Oh yes. Yeah man give her the ride the ol' Pony ride back to the hotel.
Forget it. I've got a scholarship to Harvard hanging over my head. I won't risk it.
Thanks Cleo. See you tomorrow.
No I've been pregnant.
Oh G d I'm sorry  You're not really fat. I was just saying that because uh I thought that's what you wanted me to say.
  I don't know. Probably not.
So then this isn't crazy. It's a sure bet.
She thinks you went to the police.
I don't know  And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table.
Yeah.
Me too. Will it ever end.. I love this lady.
No. Wait. Did I say Promise. Cross my heart and hope to die stick a needle in my eye we'll never miss a payment..
Well I want to know what happened   
He is the Great One 
Di it's not your fault. We all wanted to do this   for you  for ourselves.
We were told you could fix us up.
Don't use big bills.
Ooops that's me gotta run.
You're kidding.
Don't Martha fucking Stewart me. If you don't like it   you try being a pregnant teen.
Uh Yeah Grandma. She doesn't mean that. Kinda lost the old filter with her last stroke.
She did did she. How is the old girl.
They could kill you.
Your help.
Where's the bar.
What's wrong with it.
So you take Plot 27 A make it glossy make it slick   
About that luggage. Where's the phone.
Who wants true. Who wants moving.
Are you hungry.
You don't know how glad I am to see youl
I haven't been keeping myself at all. Not lately.
Why should you do that.
I'll make it short.
I'll say. This is solid gold.
I don't want it now.
Want something to drink. There's always champagne on ice and plenty of caviar.
And you'll play Salome.
Salome what a woman. What a part. The Princess in love with a Holy man. She dances the Dance of the Seven Veils. He rejects her so she demands his head on a golden tray kissing his cold dead lips.
I wouldn't worry about money. I'll make it worth your while.
Maybe I'd better take the rest of the script home and read it  
The one where you go to the slave market. You can cut right to the scene where John the Baptist  
Cut away from me.
They don't. Then why do they still write me fan letters every day. Why do they beg me for my photo  graphs. Because they want to see me me me. Norma Desmond.
Can't you wait till I'm dummy.
Oh and I thought it was a matter of life and death.
Now you're being silly. We don't need two cars. We have a car. And not one of thuse cheap new things made of chromium and spit. An Isotta Fraschini. Have you ever heard of Isotta Fraschinis. All hand made. Cost me twenty eight thousand dollars.
Nothing if you work in a fill  ing station. And I'm getting rather bored with that sport jacket and those same baggy pants. Max what's a good men's shop in town. The very best  Well go there
Just follow me.
What you're trying to say is that you don't want me to love you. Is that it.
I don't think so. It's your script. It's your show. Good luck.
You don't care. do you. But hundreds of thousands of people will carel
Is that so.
No I haven't. I suppose all the waxworks are coming.
I don't know sir. Madame made the arrangements.
Had to get away for his health I suppose.
Sure we believe you only now we want you to believe us. That car better be back here by noon tomorrow or there's going to be fireworks.
Bases Loaded. There's a 4O page outline.
No.
Greatest thing that could happen to you. Now you'll have to sit behind that typewriter. Now you'll have to write.
Did you hate him. Had you ever thought of doing something like this before.
Paramount is calling.
This is the staircase of the palace.
But what will happen.
You can do it. You're the most powerful woman on Earth.
Who didn't.
That woman who's after me. She hates you. Because she knows I love you.
Tell me where I can find her.
No.
Well I guess one is all right.
It's paradise We could be very happy here.
Like turning off a light.
Miss what.
She has hostages.
Well there's several ways to go
I never met a man I couldn't have  and you're no different from the rest.
I could force you.
Careful don't make me angry. I start fires when I'm angry.
Well I guess I can't.
Can I quote you.
Yes.
Remember. I was trying desperately to get you're attention.
You bet your ass.
Didn't you study six dimensional geometry in school.
Wait till you're older. Here watch this.
Can't have you moping around the campus. Why don't you come home with us for dinner.
A cheap trick.
Cheap but effective.
Yes. I went there to find the lost Power Source 
But what about other people. Don't you miss them.
Then come with me.
Too late. Too late. Save yourself.
Good lord fella. I'm talking about your boss.
Sling. Singapore Sling. What's wrong.
Nope. Never.
I seem to be.
Mayonnaise. Donald loved mayonnaise. Why would you think that was the problem..
Oh I came close once.
Hey he'll be all right. Believe me Lana I know. I was a late bloomer myself.
No all the good ones are married. That's why Brad thinks he's God's gift to women. This woman anyway. He's single. He won't take no for an answer but he's the only one who's asking. And he knows it.
No. I mean yes they are but I was talking about that. Wheat King. Bet your bottom dollar that's a Wheat King thresher.
Please Kent not now. I'm trying to put out a newspaper here.
We get together sometimes.
Could you get me Superman's autograph.
Mr. Gorman according to our records you have been unemployed for 36 weeks.
A television set.
Man them people was crazy. How they 'spect you to learn all that jive on the first day. Hold the pickle. Hold the lettuce. Extra onions. Special sauce. No special sauce. Ain't nobody found no meat inside that glop yet.
I know I'm the fault.
No not really. They can't be bothered collecting half a cent from your paycheck anymore than you could.
Yeah. A raise
Plants. Plants always make an office cozier.
Columbia.
Yes but they don't really need them. it's just a throw  back to some sentimental sea  faring baloney.
Anything.
Man all it got to do is find their weak spot. You bet on the machine in any fight you name you gonna win your bet.
Watch out for them air pockets.
Sister. I'm his sister.
And do what.
Her name's Lorelei Ambrosia. She's Webster's Girl Friday.
That's his sister. Vera Webster.
Listen are you sure you shouldn't do something about the bridge.
Hey I know a lot of things.
Storms. Floods.
Don't bet on it.
Yeah. I'll check.
Sure. But nobody knows it. Least of all you. Look would you mind if I gave you some constructive criticism.
In July 
Frankly once you've seen Superman in action Niagara Falls tends to leave you cold.
Superman. Oh was he here.
Maybe you wanted to.
I'm listening.
Not here Perry'll be calling at six to find out what's happening.
Does she know about it. She's in it.
So does your average cocker spaniel. Give me another one. Under the big one there.
It's beautiful.
He knows where the Eiffel Tower is Olsen. You do don't you Kent.
The one danger we have considered is that the Phantom Zone might   we cannot predict   just might be cracked by a nuclear explosion in space. I cannot say I am glad you asked me that  
I didn't ask her anything
Revenge. We will kill the son of our jailer.
He ran in fear from us
It will. Starting with your own.
Zod. Zod.
I really don't think
No.. Metropolis is a confusing place. Back in Smallville my hometown everything was more simple. People would sacrifice everything just to lend a helping hand.
Well my career takes up a lot of my time.
Don't worry I've got you.
Let me get my purse.
I'm sorry to see you go.
You haven't been at work you didn't call the office you didn't even call me. How could you not call back.
But Superman isn't an average man.
Good. If you can see it and I can see it maybe some day everyone will see it.
Yes darling.
Stuff it.
Get the box nephew.
He's beautiful. Perfect.
Nobody else.
He's thirty five years old.
Thank you.
No Mom. You know I wouldn't break my promise.
I know you're a good boy Clark. No mother could ask for better. It's just that 
Actually she's silver haired.
Oh for God's sake.
Oh not really. I guess I'll just watch a little TV and    unless would you be interested in dinner.
Thanks Clark but I'm booked for the night.
Don't you ever give up.
He grabbed me. He held me. He set me down gently. How could that be done with mirrors.
Superman. Pretty good name for him isn't it.
You're on.
I read the article.
The least we can do is leave him another door jam.
A night on the town instead of under it.
He always shows up when somebody's in danger.
What other one.
And if I don't obey.
If you persist you leave us no choice.
Neither my wife nor I will attempt to leave Krypton.
On the salary he pays me I can't make my rent without it.
All of us.
He sure as heck does that.
All these years happy as we've been how I prayed and prayed He'd see fit to give us a child. And just when I finally accepted my bitter lot  No one must ever know.
Guess I'd better hitch up the rig and come back to get that that thing he was settin' in. What do you make of that thing. Martha. You listening.
Lara please 
I want to know what my child is going to face.
Twenty four.
There are none of them any good anyway.
Nine to five it's a Pulitzer Prize I know.
I was going to say that there's only one 'p' in subpoena. What the hell did you major in at Radcliffe. Middle English. Nice job on the teamster's update Kent.
Wha' what are you doing here.
I think you'll be able to remember it. I doubt you'll misquote me.
If I do you can punish me. Fly me to Bermuda and just lave me there for two weeks. This is fantastic. I wish Clark were here.
Who's Clark. One of your colleagues.
How much do you weigh.
Only when somebody shoots them at me.
Excellent Otis. But what took you so long.
Ally. That was my nickname.
Which one.
Yes. Do you find there's something strange about this meat.
It just seems kind of weird.
Well Sam I might as well tell you the truth. It's this lawsuit you've gotten yourself all involved with. I want you to drop the damned thing.
How.
It's not enough. For hospital bills. For Nicole.
No nothing like that. The Ottos are what I'd call model citizens. They're regular at town meetings. They give their opinions in a respectful way. They always help out at various fund raising bazaars in town though they aren't church goers.
Did he have any particular problems that you knew of. Financial pressures run ins with the law 
No nothing like that. Billy's wife Lydia died of cancer a few years ago. He took over raising the children by himself. It was obvious how much he missed Lydia.
Berries.
He knows that. Billy.
What other people.
Summer's over. It's fall.
That's what he said.
Rats. They fought the dogs and killed the cats And bit the babies in the cradles And ate the cheeses out of vats. And licked the soup from the cook's own ladles Split open the kegs of salted sprats Made nests inside men's Sunday hats And even spoiled the women's chats By drowning their speaking With shrieking and squeaking In fifty different sharps and flats 
Because he wanted to them to be punished.
So he was mean.
That's the local bar.
There's the Prescots 
What do they do.
I'm calling because I've got some news for you Daddy. Some big news.
Okay. I went to sell blood yesterday. That's how it is. I'm in this fucking city where my father is a hot shit lawyer and I'm selling my blood.
I need money.
Who are you.
Please let me explain. I'll only take a moment of your time.
Excuse me.
Do you have this agreement with you.
Any criminal record.
Yes I understand.
You could see the speedometer.
There wasn't time.
The ramp.
My lawyer. Why do I need a lawyer.
But you didn't lose me.
Well Mr. Stephens is representing several families. The Ottos the Walkers us and I think a couple more. Mr. Stephens is suing the town for negligence. He's sure that the accident could have been avoided if they had done their jobs right. He's a very smart man.
Great.
Someplace where no one knows her. Someplace strange and new.
Just hopping tonight. Leo Bartha been in.
Don't apologize for me Frank.
I'll by that son. Now you owe ME a favor. Be good to my kid sister 
You hear that Susie  Continue please 
Those dears sound like daggers. May I suggest that you stop DARING her to speak.
No I don't care about you you're fantastic. My whole interest if it's not too late is in Susie and how to undo what you've done to her 
No I'm not. I'm not.
Sometimes I think ALL men are fools .
Bonna sera commendatore. Come sta.
Ha. My right hand hasn't seen my left hand for thirty years.
What you promised   do it. Don't finagle around. It's later than you think.
Then maybe you can tell me if he's as solid as you say why does he rap me every chance he gets.
No I won't 
Calculated risk. Only we happen to know J.J. that you like me. I'm your star pupil I reflect back to you your own talent.
Dallas. Could be. He doesn't look like a reefer smoker 
Let's wait till Christmas   it's more legitimate then.
I don't think so.
You were thrilled to be interviewed. Were you interviewed.
Listen you need him for a favor don't you. And so do I. I need his column  tonight. Didn't you ask me to do something about your job. Don't you have a kid in Military School.
That makes five days in a row that Mr. Hunsecker's cut you out of his column.
Don't judge a situation where you don't know what's involved 
Why not you.
It is a favor isn't it.
Yeah. Like me. I don't choke on my own gall   I fight back. Let THEM choke not me.
I could almost forgive you if what you did to Steve came from jealousy and love 
And on Tuesday   Hasenpfeffer. STEVE How do you think I realized I love you.
Why did you call me.
Oh. I can't honey. I'm on a roll here.
That's right. There's no way I'm going to finish the new processor now. Forget it. I'm out of it. I'm quitting Cyberdyne tomorrow  I'll sell real estate I don't care
No way.
Not like me. A T 1000. Advanced prototype. A mimetic polyalloy.
Negative. The T 1000's highest probability for success now would be to copy Sarah Connor and wait for you to make contact with her.
TERMINATED.. Shit. Why didn't you tell me. We gotta right now.
It is in your nature to destroy yourselves.
You mean people. I don't know. We just cry. You know. When it hurts.
Uh unh no it's different  It's when there's nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway. You get it.
No no no.. It'll be okay. Stay with us.
Alright it. We need it.
But it's the only proof we have to the future  about the war and all that.
I know Mom. I know.
Please continue 
So what does the Russki want.
Yes. What was the orchestra's reaction when they asked you to play for Hitler's birthday.
Not so Counsellor. That secretary of yours she wasn't just your secretary she procured women for you didn't she. As many and as often as you wanted.
Major show me someone who hasn't made an anti Semitic remark and I'll show you the gates of paradise.
You do shorthand and typing.
My father was one of the officers in the plot against Hitler. They arrested the plotters and their families.
Mine's the Eleventh.
What's in those files.
Could I have a glass of water please. Please Fraulein.
I need to work. I need to make my living. I live off the generosity of friends 
Tough tough.
Maintain liberty humanity and justice.
Isn't it true that because he gave you bad reviews and praised this young guy Von Karajan called him a goddamn miracle said he was a better conductor than you then you had von der Null conscripted into the army and no one's heard from him since.
And what happened to Von der Nul.
I have no idea.
Now that young conductor what's his name. That miracle kid you know who I mean. Von Karajan. But you called him something else. C'mon. What did you call von Karajan.
This is absolute nonsense.
Of course there was a conspiracy against me a campaign   even abroad.
What.
I said I have illegitimate children. I don't know how many.
No I'm not going to stop it. Hitler himself offered you a beautiful house and a personal bomb shelter.
I believe that. But just answer the question don't give me explanations.
Who's conducting.
Look around you. See the country you served. Look at people who had real courage who took risks who risked their lives. Like Emmi's father.
Yes you remember.
Show you.
Do it Helmuth.
You don't know what it's like to wake up every single morning of your life terrified you don't know that  
Never heard of him who is he.
Who's he.
His private life.
Not really. Do you think you can get here on time if I put you on the floor as a waitress.
It's not brain surgery Chuck.
The what.
Kyle what's it like when you go through time.
White light. Pain. Like being ripped inside out  slowly. Like being born maybe.
Caught one. You mean you got shot.
What.
You trust him. He's got that strength. You'd die in a second for John.
I volunteered.
Look Reese I didn't ask for this honor and I don't want it. Any of it.
About what.
That's not my mission.
Yes. And I don't want to know where you got it.
I want to buy you a hot dog so badKyle all the things you've never seen and done. You're here but wherever you go and whatever you touch you bring the war with you.
No. I'm not.
That's not what I meant. Was there someone special.
No. Never.
Pain can be controlled. You disconnect it.
With the One Thirty Second under Perry from '21 to '27  
Why.
Alright Ms. Connor. Listen carefully. You're in a public place you'll be safe 'til we get there. Stay visible. Don't go outside or in the restroom. I'll be there in a few minutes.
I know.
Admittedly 
But the expectation was ten. And in this case expectation is everything.
It probably will. In fact I'd go so far as to say it almost certainly will in time. Why should I settle for that.
You're talking tomorrow. Today is what counts.
You intractable son of a bitch. If your father could see you now 
I uh  haven't been to Sunday school in years 
I'm sorry about this 
You should be.
Where are you going.
How thoughtful. The gift of inconvenience.
Why not.
If there was one.
Right. Call me Christy.
Give me an address so I can send your shirt back.
I don't 
They did the same to him as they did to you.
Who the fuck cares.
What do we do.
Where'd you get that gun.
Just  wait. Just wait. Okay  please I'm not kidding anymore 
No 
Why.
It's a profound life experience.
I said I would 
I'll call them okay.
They fuck you and they fuck you and they fuck you. And then just when you think it's done that's when the <u>real</u> fucking begins.
Calm down. Why would they keep playing after you paid.
Do you know how to change a tire.
No. Do you. Can't be too hard can it. I don't think we should be here out in the open like this.
You're behind this aren't you. You and your sick friends. Well make it stop.
Yeah.
Have you gone to the police.
I know look at me well  What happened. I don't know. I don't even really know. I have some things to try to take care of  I need the car a little while.
There's nothing to forgive.
I hope.
Nobody knows pal. Nobody gets the big picture  Jason Tommy cut it out.
What are you gonna do anyway. You won't get your money back.
I told you they hired me over the phone. I never met anyone.
I can't tell you how <u>not</u> interested I am.
Hm.
I don't know what you're talking about. What's happened.
You're not like him at all. I don't know exactly what's going on around here lately but don't make me start worrying about you.
The Hinchberger wedding.
I checked it personally.
And what kind of sleeper.
It's somebody's idea of a joke.
Greetings.
Because  well I know I can trust you.
Will the two of you shut up. God damn it. Maybe the tests were right Marrow. She's sensitive she's vulnerable but I don't think she's suicidal and I didn't have to test her. Maybe she wasn't trying to kill herself. Maybe she was really scared. Maybe she really heard voices.
We can't stay here looking for her. She doesn't want to be found 
You don't believe in the paranormal.
I wasn't thinking about my mother's bathroom.
You're going to publish he's going to perish  And why did you hire me for this.
This is where we're going.
Yeah I'm Mister Dudley the caretaker. What are you doing here.
No one will come any nearer than that.
The Taj Mahal wasn't a palace it was a tomb. Why didn't he tell us.
No it's getting worse.
I don't know. You've been alone for a long time maybe you want attention. Maybe he did it 
I have a loft.
   What do you think.
Because I don't want to ruin things. Because home is where the heart is.
I do.
Gordon. He's been with me for years. He's not as tough as he looks.
It's just fuel to me. I'm not there for distractions.
We all did.
We think.
Not bad.
And where is this guest. Don't they want to interview him.
I don't know everyone here. He was so traumatized he split. Maybe he was Gordon's <u>pusher</u>.
Let him break   he likes to break.
I saw your mother on the Strip last night. She went up to three guys said she'd like 'em to stick one in each know what I mean.
Packs a punch but it's compact has accessible features makes a nice concealed carry piece.
Yeah.
Terry Valentine.
I dunno. What's he gonna say. They had a fight that night she drove away she was upset. I don't even know the guy. Don't get me wrong Jenny and me were friends but we didn't travel in the same social circles. She had her life I had mine.
I knew when I was droppin' that letter into the mail slot it was gonna come back and smack me in the face. I did my time okay. My sister her ol' man's up in Chino right now doin' eight years.
I only asked.
I mean it's already a steal n'it what you said four hundred for this one.
Fucking out of order that. Shouldn't be allowed.
It's only insurance. Can't be too careful. This Terry Valentine he's probably a wonderful fella. They were together how long.
That would be too easy.
Well those are the breaks.
Hell no. I started writing.
You look alike.
Wanted to talk to you didn't I.
I was skint didn't have no money to get here.
Sewing mailbags. Me. Never did an honest day's work in my life dear. Wasn't about to start when I was in stir not with all that leisure time on my hands.
Three seasons. They found that's the limit of human tolerance when it comes to following the adventures of a family of Mormons on the Chisum Trail. I was wife number three the ingenue.
Learnin' 'ow to speak proper. Central School of Speech and Drama. It's no doddle gettin' in there y'know. At seventeen. They offered her a place at RADA n' all only she'd've had to wait till the next session and she was always in hurry to get on was Jenny. She could talk posh without any training when she was knee high to a grasshopper. Show up the old man you know.
She was happy here. However the two of you might have parted. Don't think she wasn't.
I might've been away for the weekend.
Nah accommodation address.
Now you shouldn't run yourself down. My employer Mr. Lindgren   
Based in London but with international concerns.
Terry's never going to give you satisfaction. Not the type.
And how did you get it.
We were <u>lucky</u> to be nicked. Me and the lads went down there Sunday evening we weren't discovered till the Monday. Good job we were still breathing.
You ever been to London.
Black market during the war.
I don't know few hours I guess.
Poor baby.
As you prefer squire. As you prefer.
Right. Chain of respect. That's good that.
Yeah. Another little matter needs attending to soon as I return.
I dunno. I just said she's nice lookin'.
Any happier than any other asshole in life.
He ain't wrong. Listen I know this asshole who <u>did</u> just go to work for him. Full time. And this dickhead's parents just told me he took a road trip up the coast. <u>That's</u> the type of individual gets hired someone who'll shoot his mouth off to his family while on the job.
Drugs. Cash. Both if we're lucky.
I doubt it.
   You know his name is Frank.
About Jenny. Tell me about Jenny. About the <u>deal</u>. Whatever fucking deal you had to kill my daughter for when she found out about it you bastard.
Of course you know Doris had nothing to do with it. Nothing at all.
Hello Birdy. I thought that was very good.
Birdy I've been doing a lot of thinking. There are a lot of things that haven't worked out for me. Life has dealt me some bum cards 
Ah yes a music lover.
Uh  
It's called dry cleaning. You heard me right brother 'dry cleaning'   wash without water no suds no tumble no stress on the clothes. It's all done with chemicals friend and your garments end up crisp and fresh. And here's the capper: no shrinkage.
Sorry friend I uh you got me at a disadvantage.
Sure.
Fifty fifty straight down the line. You and me. Finance and expertise. So  you've got the dough then do ya.
Pretty straightforward but I don't know if you wanna show this stuff to a lawyer  
OK. Take your coat Ann.
Uh huh.
That's my capitalization on the Annex. *My* operation Ed. Christ almighty. That's what I was just talking to Doris about a way of getting the money from the store that we could hide from Ann.
Embezzling Ed. From my own goddamn wife.
Come on in.
You sure you don't want something stiffer.
Me. Us. The party at Nirdlinger's  I told you last week for the Christmas Push.
Honey 
No. Of course not. She didn't do it.
It was Big Dave's.
And now it turns out this dope spent the war sitting on his ass in some boatyard in San Diego. You asked for blackmail let me give you blackmail: Mr Hale Fellow Well Met about to open his own business here has been lying to everybody in this town for the last four years probably including half the people sitting on that jury. Well it finally caught up with him  these dopes it always does; someone threatened to spill it. Somebody knew his dirty little secret just like your wife says. They called they demanded money 
So  
Uh huh. Is he the best then for uh 
Russians exploded an A bomb.
This hair.
Yeah  lucky for us huh pal.
 Nah.
Just people. They gotta put up the big front so that people will trust them with their money. This is why the big lobby Ed. But they put their pants on one leg at a time. Just like you and me.
No thanks I  
We're just closing friend.
Oh happy days. I wish I was doing well enough to turn away business. More power to ya brother. The public be damned.
As soon as the doctor lets us we gotta move you. Does he understand that. We're supposed to tell him. Are you conscious.
No one broke into this room sir. Someone broke out. That lock was torn off from the <u>inside</u>.
It's too late now. Guests are arriving. The Mayor's car is pulling up.
Let's go.
I drink. After hours of course. On duty I smoke. Do you mind.
Did you read about a boat that washed up outside of New Orleans about four months ago. Twelve bodies on board.
Who didn't. Big news. Out of Brazil wasn't it.
How do you explain the part about Beauregard.
This door's locked. Try shooting the hinges off.
Go out the north exit. There's a hallway and a false wall by the Greek vases. Run.
Pardon my French but bull shit.
This on top of the scratches  isn't it proof.
There's a dead body in the exhibit. People are panicking trampling each other trying to get out.
I know.
Oh shit.
All right everybody hold up.
Yes. Two organs the size of a walnut have been removed with what looks like surgical precision.
With all due respect dear that's bull. You dance rings around me with your new technology. You've left me in the dust.
You are this museum. It won't be the same without you.
Whatever it is it must be common on the tepui. John used it as packing material.
So the claw came from a huge creature with a preternatural sense of smell and poor eyesight that hunts at night.
It's like ringing the dinner bell.
That thing could kill ten people in a matter of minutes.
And failed. These doors are solid steel.
Dear Louis Tomorrow we go to the south end of the tepui where we'll be in the greatest danger so I'm sending Carlos back with the crates. You always believed in me Louis even in the darkest days. So it gives me great pleasure to tell you your faith has been rewarded. We've made an incredible find. I enclose a representation of Mbwun. Note the exaggerated claws the reptilian attributes the hints of bipedalia. It's beyond belief but this statue is accurate. I know because I've seen the beast.
Not yet. Let's try the fork to the left.
Someone's been murdered. Not shot strangled or stabbed either. Torn limb from limb. There's talk of a psychotic killer or even an animal.
Eats them.
Yes. Whatever killed Beauregard may have lived on this plant. When the crates were put in secure storage they were out of reach. The killer couldn't get them so it got the next best thing.
And John.
I ran an internet search on Dr. Whittlesley. Got a list of his scholarly articles and the engagement announcement in the Times. I also found a record of your restraining order.
I heard you calling and I ran after you but you kept disappearing and I couldn't keep up.
All right. This is hard for me. I'm a scientist. I like order and logic. Sometimes too much. There's got to be an explanation. There can't be an animal in there. But I saw something.
But this isn't the jungle. This is New York. How did it get here. A thing like that crossed two continents. It makes no sense.
We have the fibers. Don't you see. The creature is hungry. It wants the hormones in these plants. It would take hundreds of human brains to supply what's in these fibers. We're just a poor substitute. To make it stop hunting we have to give it what it wants.
I think  for the pleasure of the kill.
You have to. Do it now.
Where exactly.
You are a travel agent aren't you. Doris. Your job is to help people travel.
All products carefully chosen and tested by you for quality and aesthetic value.
And it's all available in the Truman Show catalogue. Operators are standing by.
I'm the creator.
<i>A show.</i> Then who am I.
You're the star.
They removed all physical trace of her but they couldn't erase the memory.
The memory of who.
It's not gonna be his you idiot.
I think I've studied enough.
Yeah. Outta what.
Yeah what happened.
You think so.
I can't tonight.
Sorry I'm way behind.
No. Truman if this is another one of your fantasies 
Every time you and Marlon  
Surgery. The elevator disaster downtown on the news last night. Cable snapped a car dropped ten floors. Non union contractors. Monsters. We're starting with an amputation.
You blaming me for the traffic.
Truman stop it.
You got it.
Is there any way around.
They're going to stop me talking to you.
There's no one here.
  And your teacher said You're too late Truman. There's nothing left to explore.
Were you there  how do you know.
Tyrone what if I said I didn't want meatball today.
Yup.
A woman. Work.
Why don't you go home to the old lady   
Working with.
And if it's unsuccessful.
What's that.
We weren't expecting to find those remains of course. They went right off to Washington.
Did you find something.
Mulder  when a terrorist bomb threat is called in the logical purpose of providing this information is to allow us to find the bomb. The rational object of terrorism is to promote terror. If you'd study model behavioral pattern in virtually every case where a threat has turned up an explosive device. If we don't act in accordance with that data if you ignore it as we have done the chances are great that if here actually is a bomb we might not find it. Lives could be lost   
I'm in the vending room.
Mulder. Move away from the door. We're coming through it.
What. What are you talking about.
No.
Why not. It's three AM.
I thought you may have gotten drunk and decided to come here to talk me out of quitting.
Get dressed Scully.
Just get dressed. I'll explain on the way.
I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either.
We're being blamed for these deaths. Scully I want to know what this man died of. Don't you.
I don't know.
I need you there with me. I need your expertise on this. The bomb we found was meant to destroy those bodies and whatever they were infected by.
For the purpose of what.
Salt Lake City Utah. Transfer effective immediately.
We're close to something here we're on the verge   
I think  something stung me.
Something's wrong  I'm having lancinating pain my chest. My  motor functions are being affected. I'm 
No it's   
I've got no allergy. Something  this  Mulder  I think  I think you should call an ambulance.
   They're asking her for a narrative. They want to know why she was in the wrong building.
   if it looks bad it's bad for the FBI   
She's in there right now saying the same thing about you.
Agent Scully says it was she who ordered you out of the building. That you wanted to go back.
I thought it only fair you should know given how hard you've worked.
Cooperation is our only chance of saving ourselves.
No one believes Kurtzweil or his books. He's a toiler. A crank.
Lucien Baines.
Shush.
And he might blame you for terrifying him. That one moment could erase all you've accomplished. And if that happened the trust he has in you is gone.
I know.
Really. I don't work with violent cases I work with children. But even a kid lies. They love it when they get you to believe something that isn't true. Don't you think Stargher would do the same.
How hard could it be .
Ah the part of us that can't be explained.
What did you see.
Okay okay 
Sometime yesterday morning.
Stargher is in custody. The functional equivalent of being under arrest. Normally we'd Mirandize him and if he didn't lawyer up we'd interrogate him. But because of his condition he doesn't have the capacity to waive those rights.
Prevacid. For my stomach.
I am. I'm a pretty boring guy.
Dr. Kent.
Gentlemen I believe an albino dog is rare indeed.
Why jeopardize what we've already done. We caught the sonofabitch. Carl Stargher. That's going to be like Bundy Gacy Dahmer. A case that makes careers. But if we push our luck. If this is all bullshit and we come out smelling like it.
That was the man that brought me some money when Harry died. He said Harry had been anxious at the last moment.
Yes.
I was told there were only two men there.
Why.
Dr. Winkel.
Silly looking bunch.
What's that.
Oh let me see. No no that's not the cue. It means she has to sit down.
Tell me more.
It's all right.
What's the matter.
I'm sorry.
Of course.
Keep the packet.
It's stupid to lie to me Miss Schmidt. I'm in a position to help you.
He was 
Calloway you haven't shown me one shred of evidence.
I'm not asking you to.
Of course.
I'd like to visit Texas one day sir.
Mr. Holly Martins sir.
Excuse me have you got tooth 
Yes.
Zwei zwartze.
The Roumanian.
Why didn't they bring him in the house.
Conscious. Cas soll ich auch noch wissen.
Yes.
Now hold on.
Not the sort of thing I should confess to a total stranger but you have to break the rules sometimes. Humanity's duty.
Something wrong.
I thought he'd be here to meet me.
I'm sorry. I can't lend you any money.
Just take it OK.
Yeah that's right. Now could you be quiet so I can get some sleep.
Why not. Thai girls best in the world. Thai food best in the world. Thai dope best in the world.
Yes.
Swim.
Exactly.
Exactly. Always happened to someone else.
Uh huh.
I rest my case. He's a Jewish Nazi. He always was.
Whereas Avi's a Zionist Nazi.
The Nazis did everything the führer told them. You do everything the Torah tells you. Or the rebbe. Identical slave mentality.
Read <i>Mein Kampf</i>. Hitler had all his best ideas in prison.
Yes.
Billings if Hitler didn't kill six million why is he your hero . Concentration camps all over Europe and he only gets rid of a measly two hundred thousand . He's a putz.
Why.
They think it's the word of God and it's holy and the flesh isn't .
Vuv Zayin Chet Tet 
No difference.
Plus you have nothing else to do all day.
You don't own this place.
Yeah I remember . Kill any Jews yet.
What'd you say.
Did you see how they reacted to him.
I'd say nothing. After two or three people will try to find a pattern. A reason.
The other night you said the modern world is a Jewish disease. Could you elaborate on that.
A poison .
Everybody likes to don't they.
The Jews clearly control the media and the banks. Investment banks not the commercial ones. But the point is they carry out in those realms the same principles they display in sexuality. They undermine traditional life; they deracinate society.
Notice the Israelis: a fundamentally secular society. They no longer need Judaism because they have soil. The real Jew is a wanderer a nomad. He has no roots no attachments. So he universalizes everything. He can't hammer a nail plow a field. He can only buy and sell invest capital manipulate markets. He takes the life of a people rooted in soil and turns it into a cosmopolitan culture based on books ideas numbers. This is his strength . Take the great Jewish minds: Marx Freud Einstein. What have they given us: communism infantile sexuality and the atom bomb. In a mere three centuries since these guys emerged from the ghettos of Europe they've taken us from a world built on order and reason and hurled us into a chaos of class warfare irrational urges and relativity a world where the very existence of matter and meaning is in doubt. Why. Because it is the deepest impulse of the Jewish soul to unravel the very fabric of life until nothing is left but thread nothing but nothingness. Nothingness without end 
Does that mean you deny what he says is true. Yes or no.
How do you reconcile the two.
Who killed Manzetti.
I thought you hated Torah.
Point out all the lies and fucked up thinking.
This is me.
Which <i>Times</i> guy.
It was a nine millimeter.
Yes.
From the Rhineland originally.
Curtis is afraid you'll marginalize us.
Forget Manzetti . Take on something simple. Something you can actually accomplish. Maybe he'd be more valuable in the city.
Beth Shalom. Like you wanted.
You can have chicken with eggs but not with milk. Why is that.
But you already talked about it: you said it's not stupid. Why isn't it stupid.
They're not my people .
Nobody ever beat me up. Look Linda there're fifty reasons. Even if you knew them all there'd be another fifty you didn't know.
Who told you that.
A Jewish prayer.
What .
Here 
I've gotta kill some Jews Kyle. I'm serious. I'm always talking about it. This time it's gotta happen.
Who even knew.
Mrs. Moebius.
I'm in a kind of underground thing.
Are you an artist.
Why me.
Just get him in the cross hairs. With those shells anywhere you hit him it'll bounce around rip his insides all up.
What's that.
Dennis Leary.
We think you'd be good at it.
As you know Cindy thirteen is a mystical number in the Jewish faith. We believe that God has thirteen attributes 
What do you mean.
Does he know.
Italian is practically the same thing.
Remember when I went to Italy and canceled the policy on the new stadium. Well we weren't being cheated by the Mafia or anybody except maybe by me .. Do they come for lunch everyday. I really went on my own business to see a man that I happen to be in love with  and I'm glad I did it but I'm sorry about the policy and I'll be happy to make up the money the company didn't get  of course just now I don't have  One million four hundred and ten thousand dollars. But if you were to dock my salary say twenty dollars a week in a few hundred years we'd be even  and I think this is where you fire me.
Will that interfere with my getting maternity leave. I'm pregnant.
In a lake.
The Mamma's there too.
Checking out the competition.
You really think so. Did you tell him you were pregnant.
Why.
Five minutes and fifty seconds.
That idiot.
Find the Frenchman. Find me Mayol.
And where did you say you were from.
I didn't say  Brussels.
Me neither 'cause of my Mother. She's a curse my Mamma a tornado. Stubborn as a mule. I was engaged  for a week. After that Mamma was so mad I tell you pasta was bouncing off the walls.
Damn right. That's what I tell them when people say you've turned into a fish.
Forget it. I was joking.
Not at all.
What.
Oh it's nothing. I knew it. I told Roberto He's very good that little Frenchman very good. I lost my title but I won a watch.
Thank you thank you very much.
Long enough to die. Listen if you really want to die that's your problem but don't do it under my nose okay.
In the lake.
I was doing an insurance investigation in Palermo. I work for an insurance company. So I decided to take a few days off. I don't know this island at all. It really is gorgeous.
  Okay. I'll try.
Just because  I would have liked to visit the town  See the coast  I don't know anybody  Expect for you.
Only to help the medics I assure you.
I'd better get back now.
I don't know I just feel it.
I got fired.
I didn't dive.
I don't know  it didn't feel right. I'm going to bed. I'm tired.
  The feeling of slipping without falling  The hardest is once you are at the bottom.
What.
No no. It's true. When I was in New York oh boy. Before my accident you understand.
How was your trip.
Nice  Very interesting  Great  I guess.
Oh Jesus . I'll make some coffee. They left the stove.
Okay okay. You'll have it by the end of the week how's that.
  Yes.
I got the job done didn't I. I did what I had to do.
He works too much. God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while. Take his mind off his work. Maybe a blowjob here and there.
Well I couldn't be happier for the both of you.
Sure. Why not.
I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us.
Mazel Tov.
She said to remind you that you're having Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz.
Yeah I'm going to be out of the office from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday. I have a terrible yeast infection and I need to see my gynecologist.
He's still working out some identity issues.
Well that's good news for us. It means the system is outdated. This should be easy. C'mon.
Maybe he ran out of ammo.
Drink your beer and don't get so excited.
I'd like one of them to say it to you Charlie. I'd like to have you hear his side of it his reasons. Want to hear them.
Let's get in your truck.
The elderly man I told you about.
Maybe not   cards mean different things different times   
Tomorrow  —
Rosita —— I have wondered  —
Oh that's so interesting.
Of course. It's the way any decent man would feel in your position.
You know about animals their habits will it come back.
About Charlie's leopard.
Some other time.
No. He would be a hard man to find Jerry. Particularly if he were a clever men. He would go about his ordinary business calmly and coolly except when the fit to kill was on him.
I thought they came right past here ——
They do but there are no lights out there —  they'll just be shadows  —
Yes. And I am taking it to headquarters for examination.
No —  not yet.
And I never will you know what's between us  — we're a thing But this is serious big competition.
I don't know —— a witness. He seemed to know something about animals you know expert testimony.
Absolutely sure.
I hated you that day —  you and your flip talk  — with that little girl lying dead.
Nobody. Huh . How come.
When will they be back.
You wouldn’t recall if the brothers in law left together would you.
That depends what you’re looking at.
For your information Mr Lombard trouble is possibly the one thing Leon is capable of getting into all by himself. Though I doubt he will not ultimately fail even at that.
No. The question now is how long it’s going to take you to get out of here Mr Lombard.
Huh. Really. Hotels.
The hotels are useful capital investments. The kids liquid assets. My guess is they own hotels across the globe and travel agencies specialising in flights from the third world to boot.
You’re repeating yourself Mrs De Moraes.
No.
Leon could still have hung himself.
I didn’t know my husband and Friedman knew each other. I just  Do you think we spoke about it. I’ve known for five years. He’s known I’ve known for five years  But not once have we spoken about it. There are things one just doesn’t speak about 
One just doesn’t  Tell me what does one speak about huh.
Something like that.
We. You and your parents killed your husband.
Get to the point will you 
I don’t know. Everyone’s dead 
Can you tell me how you spell 
Don’t fall asleep with your hair wet.
Do you know a friendly cop.
How much of a hurry are you in.
Where is the Austrian. Is Friedman the Austrian.
Where is he.
And who does Friedman work for.
Absolutely sir. As a matter of fact he called this morning sir.
Thanks for cleaning my flat and sending my money all right . Come on I need you. It’s important.
You may not. And besides it is irrelevant.
Then you should not have sought an explanation.
The proprietor of his workplace is the only friend of his we know about. His address is in this envelope with Leonard’s address keys and other things you might need.
My rates 
Ha  No Mr Lombard. His monthly allowance is all he is to expect from us. He knows it and we feel the amount is more than adequate.
Anything at all.
I don’t know what your problem is but 
Yeah.
I’ll be alone.
How are you Rhian.
In my jacket. Left inside pocket.
What’s a French private investigator doing here.
Well I obviously do. And I also know that Leon’s not here Rhian. But I thought that you might know where I should look for him.
That’s what he said. I tried to dissuade him  Told him I couldn’t take on another child that he’d get into trouble  I mean people who sell children  But he wasn’t listening  I guess he finally found himself a crusade  His family think he’s back on drugs eh. Huh  Leon did drugs. A lot of drugs. Went through his self destruct phase you know. Things to come to terms with. Demons to fight  Some people’s minds are gloriously uncomplicated. Not Leon’s. He did beat the drug though. He did.
His mother would be pleased to hear that.
Do you know Leon’s parents names.
  No. In fact I’d seen him a couple of months earlier. He was quite depressed. His work wasn’t getting anywhere. He said he was going to try something new realism London in the nineties   documentary stuff you know 
Los Angeles is 100 miles away.
Huh. You could always try Suicide Bridge. You don’t know Leon do you.
I know his work better than I know him.
Gluck.
Huh. You turned him into a liability didn’t you know.
Don’t tempt me. The last scumbag who thought I might kill him died soon afterwards.
Salut Laurent. Ouais. It wasn’t easy but I got what you wanted through Interpol. Say what’s your business with these Spitzes.
Jean it's  it's not so easy 
But not impossible  Gilles and La Hire are ready to risk everything to save her 
Tremoille  don't. Please 
I thought you were an archer.
There's nothing to hear I haven't done anything. And why haven't I done anything. Because none of you will listen to me..
Come with me 
Because there's an arrow in your leg.
I don't know it. I feel it.
Me.. It's not me it's God who makes everything complicated. If he's all powerful why not let the English stay on their island in the first place. And why let this war go on for a hundred years. And why send you out to fight when a girl like you should be at home with your family. Why why..
Or maybe it's Jeanne who's in a trap her own trap a downward spiral that she can't stop.
To marry you.
One day you will.
Good.
I made no such promise. Sound the retreat for the night.
I tried to.
No  I said Surrender in the name of the King of France 
Ah yes I forgot  God sent us an illiterate peasant to carry out such an important mission. Do you think that God made the right decision to take an ignorant girl to save the kingdom of France.
Quite a few.
Did you use the sword that you held in your hand.
But where are you going to be.
I'll be right here  I promise.
Who are you.
Pierre Cauchon Bishop of Beauvais. As you were captured in my diocese the duty of conducting the trial falls upon me.
These questions have nothing to do with your trial.
When exactly. A day a week when.
The voice was in your cell.
Did it give you advice. Good advice.
Thanks be to God.
Not so well I regret to say. This business with the Maiden  it's caused him endless grief and torment. That's why he's entrusted me with the task of  shall we say 
Buying her.
W w what has that got to do with this Maiden.
  You look wonderful 
Now hold on you're not captain here  on the battlefield perhaps but not in the royal bedchamber.
My astrologers assure me that the hour is p p propitious Leo with Virgo rising. Have you ever noticed on the astrological chart how the Virgin is next to the Lion.
  as always majesty 
If there was I didn't see it 
Does he have hair.
But if the devil were to take on the physical appearance of a saint or an angel  or a man  how would you recognize him. By what he said.
Go on to the next question.
For what.
Well. I'd love to see that but after taking counsel with my captains I felt it would be better to first bring the food into the city then wait till Alencon arrives with reinforcements before doing anything.
I don't think. I leave that to God. I'm nothing in all this I'm just the messenger.
Perfectly.
No  not like this 
I said kneel.
What about all those dresses you were given  silk dresses weren't they.
I might ask you the same question.
And what exactly is it that you can't take anymore of.
Yes  that's what I pray for .
Yes  lots of things.
Yes. We fought and killed in His name  the King of Heaven.
I  I was defending myself as best I could. Everyone has the right to defend themselves don't they. Or should I have let myself be killed.
Ah pleasure  that's a difficult word to define. When does the pain end and the pleasure begin . When did your pleasure begin with that sword in your hand .
Do you think this cross will protect you.
A singer. Her husband's an actor. I knew them well. Good people. I'd like to talk to her.
I didn't want to come I didn't want to see all this but I couldn't stop myself.
Michal Dzikiewicz. He's my husband.
Let's find out.
American Jews and there's lots of them what have they done for us. What do they think they're doing. People here are dying haven't got a bite to eat. The Jewish bankers over there should be persuading America to declare war on Germany.
That's your decision. But when they storm the flat throw yourself out of die window   don't let them get you alive. I have poison on me they won't get me alive either.
What.
Don't be clever with me Henryk. I've come here as a friend. They're bringing Jews in from all over the country. Soon there'll be half a million people in the ghetto. We need more Jewish police 
But why me. I thought you only recruited boys with rich fathers. Look at my father look at us I mean 
Yes please.
You have to have an employment certificate to work for one of the German firms in the ghetto otherwise 
What good. Wladek I'm surprised at you. They died with dignity that's what good it did. And you know something else. Now the Poles will rise. We're ready. We'll fight too. You'll see.
Not this week.
You've heard the rumours they're going to resettle us in the East.
Why didn't you come to me.
I'm not but Majorek is.
Yes I know but Jurek Jurek 
Maybe maybe not but Jurek don't be offended I didn't call to discuss my future career.
Pig.
If you need help 
It's easy to get out it's how you survive on the other side that's hard.
I've been worried sick.
In the attic.
I'll play the piano again. On Polish radio.
No it was a table.
Yes it's unholy.
You have spare wife here Peini. You get rnana for that. Our chief four wives.
But we came down this way didn't we. I'm sure we did.
No no payment. I have given it back. I don't want it.
The marks do not come out. They are scars and hardened skin.
It's quite safe they are managing 
It must come.
Don't think so. I know everybody in the place and I always bounce the lamsters.
7 to 2. That ain't bad.
It don't look good gramps it's ten of now.
No. Never saw him before. He's a dick though.
How much did ya lose.
Then why ain't he dead.
He was a con man wasn't he.
There's always a depression on.
I'm busy Floyd.
Mottola.
Nothin'. They gotta be outa there early. I'm gonna bust that bastard in one play.
What am I supposed to do. Call him for cheating better than me.
Just give us what ya can Benny. We'll send a truck down.
Does J.J. know how to use this thing.
Yeh Luther said you could teach me something. I already know how to drink.
He had you down as a big timer. What happened.
You mean you blew it.
And a packing company a chain of Savings and Loans and half the politicians in Chicago and New York. There ain't a fix in the world gonna cool him out if he blows on ya.
Yeh it was easy.
He'll show.
You just won't learn will ya. Hell you come in here I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it and all you wanna do is run down a bullet. You're just like all them new jerks. Lotsa nerve and no brains. And ten years from now when me and the others are through and you dumb guys are all dead there won't be one gee left who knows the Big Con was anything more than a way to make a livin'.
Luther always told me to bite my toenails when I get nervous. You see yourself doin' that and you realize it ain't worth it.
The wire is ten years outa date.
Nice work J.J.
Raise 500.
We don't doubt that but there's a counterfeiting operation passing bad money in the station. Have you made any purchases here today.
But I got a train to make.
But what about all these other people.
All right I'll give ya a break. Down that hall there there's an unmarked door on the left. Go on in there and wait at the window. I'll take this ..in the back and run it through right away. We'll have you outta there in a couple minutes.
Yeh I guess I shoulda had the meat loaf.
Where's June today.
Where you goin'.
I don't mean nothin' by it. I just don't know many regular girls that's all.
Okay Tootsie.
Three grand on the black Jimmy.
You're not gonna break him with a $2000 bet.
Lucky hell. I could do it every day.
I'm in.
If your system's as foolproof as you say you'll get even more.
He's right Les.
We'll get it and if we can't we'll just make it up. Grand larceny extortion. Counterfeiting anything you want.
But who says you will. I got a guy I can depend on. He's liquidating everything he has for this. You wouldn't even give Carver his money back.
I need more proof that's all. Anybody can get lucky once.
On a 6 1 shot. The hell with ya. We'll keep the deal we got.
Only rents by the month. Two hundred and fifty for the two of them.
I think he will.
Oh. I'll do my own typing.
It's all right.
Said he stole his invention.
What are you talking about.
You don't understand. You don't know what's going to happen.
Oh here she is.
That's gone long ago. I've got to see him. Where is he.
was fascinated with you . a real live detective . You used to tell me the most wonderful stories. Were they true.
That's it  Herbert Macaulay.
What are you trying to tell me. That you did it.
That's the truth.
Hello Nick. And a party   celebrating father's third murder  
You see how much we have to say.
He's a brave man.
Do you mind if I come down and see it.
I hope you won't talk that way to the police when they come here.
What's he want of you.
I'll have to try to remember.
This is enough for me.
No.
Did you go.
How can I help but mind. I'm constantly humiliated  just because I haven't money.
Wouldn't I. Just watch me.
So I see.
He's not anybody. Just a fellow I used to know.
Hello  give me  Well 
Yes.
Good.
I trust you.
No.
I hate to bother you when you're laid up.
Hello . Where. In Allentown. Yes  When is the next train. Right   I'll get that. Wynant's tried to commit suicide. They want me to come down and identify him. I guess this changes the whole story doesn't it. That looks like an admission of guilt. And I had such hopes. I thought if you got on the case you'd be able to clear him. I thought that Mimi . the way she acted  I was sure that . Oh well well  it's no use thinking of it now. I'm sorry to have wasted so much of your time.
Oh did he. What did he say.
Do you mind putting that gun away. My wife doesn't care but I'm in a delicate condition.
Why tell me.
I wouldn't have any reason to hurt her. She was always on the up and up with me. But that dirty little Nunheim he got sore cause I clicked with her and he didn't so he put the finger on me.
I had him out this morning.
At breakfast.
I'll get some towels.
Yes.
I don't know.
Yes. It's Asta's Christmas present.
You talk as if I were Asta.
I did find him.
What do you mean.
He was down in the shop.
Nick you'd better lay off that liquor.
It's the only way it makes sense.
Honest Mr Charles. I never touched that safe. Them bonds that were missing  Julia took them.
Home.
Got to be some kind of landmark; something distinctive.
Basically. But the map has been pretty precise so far. I don't think it'll be too hard to  
Weird they didn't chase us.
Maybe you've got ideas of your own for the gold. Maybe you've already got things worked out.
I told you: When I straighten someone out they stay straightened. This is how it works: Nobody touches the gold. Except when we're on the move and someone's carrying it nobody so much as opens the pack to get an eyeful of it. Agreed.
I told you; don't push me around.
Doesn't matter. Whatever he wanted he didn't get it. We've got no need staying around here. It's light enough. Let's pack up and head out.
You don't know he isn't.
Look I know you guys are telling the truth. It's just the Shi'ites don't know that. I guess you could tell them but then you don't speak the language do you.
What does it look like I'm doing. I'm killing Iraqis. At at at at at. At at  at at  
Don't get pissed at me just 'cause I want to be ready when this war starts.
Another month in this desert and I might just.
There might be.
Why you in such a hurry to get to shooting.
Everybody's got a job to do. Figure it this way: At least you get to go home alive.
We disappear for awhile. We disappear we came back; nobody knows nothing.
Roger that.
TAKE THE GODDAMN BINOCULARS.
Look at you not even breaking a sweat. You're cool boy. You're cool.
I steady it out they blow us out of the sand.
I heard it click.
Me and Wes are just going to talk.
It's not falling asleep. You've only been standing there for three minutes.
It falls asleep and you die so wake it the hell up.
That's going to do it right. I'm going to be okay.
Just figure it's my map I ought to hang on to it.
You don't have to imagine it. Not anymore. Now all you've got to think up is what it's going to buy you.
Someone's got to send the gold up. It can't get on the line by itself.
Just had to get the pack unhooked from the line. It didn't seem that long.
It's a desert. That's what deserts do at night; they get cold.
Well we should identify ourselves.
They must be Saudis. It's a Saudi checkpoint. Oh sweet Jesus. Come on. Come on.
Well you're going to start with a bang 'cause you've got four of them to take down.
We can't stay here. Even if that wasn't an Iraqi soldier it's only a matter of time before some show up. Get all the water you can carry and we'll head out on foot.
We keep going that's what we do. We ignore them maybe they ignore us.
 Maybe maybe we can fight our way out.
The the gold 
Why do I have to lie in the road.
Then I'm a rich man.
This whole time you've kept your head. You didn't go money simple like me and Wes. You've just been trying to figure how to get us out of here. And you've been fair too. I mean even after I you know 
How do you say Come here baby. I'm horny. I can use that now.
I could.
You ever think about dying.
With with millions. Millions of dollars.
So you just want to cross into hostile territory in the middle of a war on a wild goose chase. It's crazy. Tell him it's crazy Epps.
I think I'm going to throw up. I am. I'm going to toss.
You have to go with us Wes.
Those people down there are Shi'ites. You've got Shi'ites in the south of Iraq and Khurds in the North. Neither of them've got much love for Saddam. Probably figured once the war started there might be an uprising so he sent his soldiers out to slap them around some.
We have to do something.
You're the one wanted to kill Iraqis so bad.
He's a soldier. He doesn't need a weapon. He's got rocks. He's got bare hands.
4732 .
I have to  he's a G 34
What .Oh no THX. That's not true. Not satisfied. THX I need you so much.
No. Don't go.
I don't know.
If I take something you suffer. If I don't I stuff .
Don't let them separate us.
We cannot stay here and allow ourselves to be destroyed. You can work with us. An organized plan of escape must be devised first. Could you see anything. You want to leave. You're not like them. You must have left something or someone.
What.
Ask him about the air. He looks out of breath.
I was lost.
Must be an expressway . You don't have to stay here you know .
No ..
I'm only trying to help you.
We just got a bomb threat upstairs.
You the Bomb Squad.
Off a girl's wrist. A suspect 
This isn't bumper cars it's brain surgery. You wanna work with us you do it our way understand.
Anything else I should know.
Where .
Where you guys at.
How do you know.
It's from an IRA.
Let's get something straight. We're doing you a favor. You're not exactly a guy we want around explosives.
Security.
Maybe she knows your old man.
Look who's talking old man.
What are you talking about it's purring like a kitty.
What was it this time.
What.
I'll do it.
I thought I told you  
Well have you found it.
In a moment.
Well he knocked at the door. You see I was expecting two  uh  two business associates.
No.
About tonsils.
No.
No.
Now see here my good man. I've had just about enough of your insulting remarks.
I thought so.
Just a second.
For more than forty years. So Madame told me.
You have enjoyed the confidence of this family for more than forty years. You must be a man of about   about sixty five. Let's see   You will be exactly eighty seven when you come out of prison.
Good day Major.
Now just a minute Major  
You know when I first saw you I thought you were an American.
No thank you.
You're very welcome. Countess believe me before you left this room I would have told you everything.. And let me say this with love in my heart   Countess you are a thief. The wallet of the gentleman in two fifty three five seven and nine is in your possession. I knew it very well when you took it out of my pocket. In fact you tickled me. But your embrace was so sweet..
Right.
But it's not enough.
Gaston. Let's open it  right now. Let's get away from here. I don't like this place.
Darling remember you're Gaston Monescu. You're a crook. I want you as a crook. I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal swindle rob  but don't become one of those useless good for nothing gigolos.
<u>Auf</u> <u>wiedersehn</u>.
What time is your rendezvous.
Will you be good enough to look at this bag madame.
Yes.
Oh. You didn't read it.
Oh.
This used to be my secretary's room.
No. Not enough. In times like these when everything is uncertain every conservative person should have a substantial part of his fortune within arm's reach.
Then I mislay my checkbook  
Um hum..
M'sieu Laval I've got a confession to make to you..
But attractive  
<u>Shut</u> <u>up</u>  <u>kiss</u> <u>me</u>. Wasting all this marvelous time with arguments.
No  thirty five.
Call the police.
Giron .
But it could have been glorious.
Has Mademoiselle Gautier gone.
Yes  uh  
To M'sieu Laval.
Jacques.
May I.
About what.
Potatoes. He doesn't want me to eat them   and naturally I don't want to upset him.
To me he seems rather nervous.
Oh no no no no my dear child. That's ridiculous. You go home as usual  five o'clock every day. Now I'm going to be a little bit of a tyrant  I insist. It'll be nice for your little brother too. <u>Five</u> <u>o'clock</u>  remember.
Oh madame you're just too sweet for words.
Mademoiselle Gautier  or whatever your name is  I thank you for your advice but I must ask you to go. You've got your money  
You should have more self control. You were in the army.
Take the elevator to the very bottom go left down the crewman's passage then make a right.
Bottom left right. I have it.
I'm tryin' boss.
It's hers you schmuck. Look Rose I  I don't know what to say to a woman who tries to jump off the Titanic when it's not sinking and jumps back onto it when it is  we're not dealing with logic here I know that  but please  think about this a second.
Look Brock she's going to do this her way in her own time. Don't forget she contacted you. She's out here for her own reasons God knows what they are.
Bobby we're launching. See these submersibles here going in the water. Take a message.
Alright. You have my attention Rose. Can you tell me who the woman in the picture is.
It is unsinkable. God himself couldn't sink this ship.
All part of my charm Ruth. At any rate it was my darling fiancee's beauty rituals which made us late.
You wanted to see the propellers.
You will never behave like that again. Do you understand.
Tell her that her daughter died with the Titanic.
Jewels are precious. Goodbye Mr. Hockley.
Can I bum a cigarette.
No caviar for me thanks. Never did like it much.
Porca Madonna.. YEEAAAAA 
Well do you think the ship is seriously damaged.
Jack  I feel like such an idiot. It took me all morning to get up the nerve to face you.
I don't  it wasn't just one thing. It was everything. It was them it was their whole world. And I was trapped in it like an insect in amber. I just had to get away  just run and run and run  and then I was at the back rail and there was no more ship  even the Titanic wasn't big enough. Not enough to get away from them. And before I'd really though about it I was over the rail. I was so furious. I'll show them. They'll be sorry.
Is he your boyfriend.
You wouldn'ta jumped.
You mean one leg on each side. Scandalous. Can you show me.
Cal surely you remember Mr. Dawson.
Just move with me. Don't think.
I like that. Aren't we supposed to wish on it.
Should I be expecting him anytime soon.
Kinda like we're doin' right now uh oh.
I'm so cold.
Yes like a mill pond. Not a breath of wind.
And wake me of course if anything becomes in the slightest degree doubtful.
That's enough.
I wasn't running out on you. When I got over there   made my plans  I'd have sent for you.
I had an idea your husband was getting suspicious.
Oh  a hundred times  
Will you leave me alone.
No.  Did <U>you</U> take that bracelet.
Where's Lother.
Is that why you killed Lee Lother.
Oh  hello. I got the flowers. That was sweet of you  thank you.
Don't be a c a t.
This time I'm really glad you showed up.
Seven fifty. Positively my last offer.
Don't you know better than to talk to me with people around.
No bank roll there boy. Lucky I could get you signed on  they picked up that Pittsburgh jeweler  made him talk. The heat's on Shortie  and those Atlantic breezes are going to be mighty welcome.
A dollar seventy and I'm gonna keep it.
No you're not. Give me that dollar seventy.
Pleasure first if it don't interfere with business.
Are you screwy.
I fell in his arms  Couldn't resist it.
I'll take one.
Thanks. That makes us square.
I should say not.
O.K. kid   I'm only sorry for one thing.
Right. Here's eighty cents. Send it.
That's great. There's the address and message all in one word.
Knots.
I can see you're no gentleman  
Oh was that me you put to bed. Thanks. I've been looking all over for you.
This is a fine time to be asking that. You're on your way to France.
Maybe he just travels in bad company.
He asked for a loan of it didn't he.
You're the President. Come in. Your brother was just telling me a few jokes I can use on the radio  
Are you paying any attention to his jokes.  the first thing you know you'll be taking piano lessons from Venus de Milo   Get out of here.
Yep  spending lots of time aboard  you see Sally I sold this Transatlantic idea to the shipping company.
And you've put it over  haven't you.
I was so crazy about him  anything he did or said was O.K. by me. I introduced him to people  even after I knew his stock promoting was phoney and the card games were crooked. It didn't seem to matter  I didn't care  until he roped Ned in. Some confidence game  and the kid left his fingerprints on a drinking glass.
<U>He</U> does. Here's your quarter Brett.
Everyone but me  what do you want now Mary.
Never mind the Who's Who  Before I get on this boat I want to know What's What. How about my raise. All I get out of these ocean trips is dizzy.
Good night folks.
What for.
Don't ask any questions  just give it to me.
About twelve hundred.
I went for four.
He's all right.
You didn't have a gun in your hand last night.
I wouldn't say that   I'm glad he's dead  yes  I'd thought of killing him   but I didn't  
I mean if you knew it were stolen.
Thirty one's and two ten's.
Let me look at it.
A peace officer  Impressive man
You whore. You filthy whore.
I see off to strike it rich Huh. All right fine wish you Luck. Tell you this though never Was a rich man yet didn't wind up With a guilty conscience.
I been having the boy at the Hotel pack us up every night Since your streak started
I don't know. Probably ignore her.
In vino veritas.
I played the cards I was dealt Wyatt. Your problem is you're Always trying to play someone Else's. Allow me to tell you the Truth and thus set you free: There is no happiness Wyatt There is no normal life. There's Only life that's all. Just life. The rest is relative.
Easy now  That mare's in season.
They know. It's the scent. We Better split 'em up.
I laugh sometimes
Why don't you get rid of him and Get yourself straight dealer.
Sure I'm sure. What is this.
Look Mattie I know you're 
'Least they don't scare women.
No. Brothers to the bone right.
Lotta law around here. Just met the Sheriff.
I know I was wrong. But Morg Look we got to get out.
Easy Virge they're just tryin' To egg us on.
Wyatt they're threatening our lives.
Yeah and dangerous.
We'll see about that.
Sightseeing.
They're merely tools to disseminate information.
Or disinformation  If you wanted to say beam down a signal to send a ship off course. Maybe one degree a minute.
 Words to live by.
Retired. I'm not getting paid to help you save the world anymore.
Yes. The famous James Bond. I've heard all about you sir. You were under direct orders to act as an observer   and yet you had to go off on your own like some half assed CIA cowboy   Endangering the gold attracting that lunatic woman and then putting in a distress call for us to save your bloody hide.
Is this another one of your games.
Perfect way to tie up a  'Knotty' problem.
Finally your new watch: Blue laser here for signaling or burning through locks; press this button the sweep hand becomes a Geiger counter.
I believe Q's exact words were: Hopefully nothing.
Not if you kill us first   unless that's how you plan to leave Muffy.
Yeah. Russian Minister of Transportation.
They'd never sail this close to the shore.
Have we met.
And exactly what business are you in Mr. Bond.
Nice to run into you again.
I hope so.
  You're not.
If not.
We blast through.
Good luck on your mission 007.
Stop it.
Mandarin. You jerk. I'm late. I have to get dressed.
No  
Thank you Uncle Elliot.
Kim Dae Yung. North Korean Nuclear specialist.
Since when.
That is a damn lie and you know it. Every time father asks you to do something you either half ass do it or run off and hide. Mama asked you to turn the dirt in her garden and you told her with your smart ass self that you weren't a farmer; get Junior to do it. Every time someone asks you to do something you always say tell Junior to do it. Boy you ought to grow up.
What is it noontime.
What is a sip of coffee going to do.
Coffee is bad for anybody especially for a child.
I don't need that kind of love. And I don't want to be reminded all the time that Big Mama's grandmother was born in slavery. If you really care about me just tell me how I can make money.
It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like.
You were in hell.
And what lesson have we learned from all of this Babe Br  Sam  I mean Samuel.
Well you look better than you did yesterday.
What for.
I've heard some foolish things in my life.
I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets. I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me.
It is just a regular card.
You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there.
We are going where the action is. Ain't that right Okra. Let's play for a couple of bucks unless you want to start off with two bits and work our way up. What would you give to be rich.
We grow most of our own food. The money I get from social security my pension and my wife's work keeps us living on the edge. What choice do people like us have.
Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom.
I'm not going to let him get away with murder.
It's healing now.
Stay until you feel better. I would like to hear all the news.
I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him.
I don't make no bones about where I'm going to spend eternity. I have always been wild and you know that. If you are made to feel half a man what do you think the other half is.
Now who are we talking about.
Chick was outright killed by a mob. He killed a white man that owed him some money and when they caught up with him they tied him behind a car and dragged him from out of the hills back to town.
Last Saturday we handed out over two hundred meals.
I was quoting from the Bible. If the shoe fits wear it.
Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon what do you say.
Well some folks are still waiting for their comeuppance. Don't take me wrong but you can't judge people by how you act. You're a caring person.
But when your sunflowers come up I'll pay you for them.
Whadda ya think.
Just one.
Well honey just grab some other toy. Now c'mon.
Okay 
Sure. I'll even let you drive.
What. What is it.
Whadda ya say I get someone else to watch the sheep tonight.
Well let's see we've got double A's   
Watch yourself..
Excuse me I think the word you're searching for is Space Ranger.
Are you saying you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command. WOODY Oh okay so you want to do it the hard way huh.
Hyper active hyperdrive and astro uh turf.
Still no word from Star Command. We're not that far from the spaceport   
Why sure you can Buzz. You can get me out of here and then I'll get that rocket off you and we'll make a break for Andy's house.
No it is. Look over in that house is a kid who thinks you are the greatest and it's not because you're a Space Ranger pal it's because you're a TOY. You are HIS toy.
It's ok. Everything's under control.
Look out..
Murderer.
She's lying. Whatever she says it's not true.
Toss 'im overboard.
Hey look. It's Buzz.
There aren't any more. That's the whole barrel.
Come in Mother Bird. Alright Andy's opening the first present now.
It's busted.
Right here Woody.
Excuse me.
Do you know you've lovely hair even if you torment it in those braids.
I carried you up to your bed.
Speak when you're spoken to. He likes his women quiet.
It's as though he'd trapped a real cuckoo inside.
What about school.
Ah you should see the swan. His masterpiece. Now walk along the beach and stoop to pick up the shell.
Living with him put years on me.
Ah come on now.
But then I had a brother and a sister left.
Everything is gone now.
In the play. She was married by my age. And Mummy. Mummy wasn't much older than me when she got married. Well not <i>that</i> much older.
I don't know what you mean.
No.
Nine thousand dollars.
Arnie thank God.
That is going to be rather difficult when all the evidence is against us.
That's frustrating.
Why.
Yeah well she has a way of self  medicating that probably seems familiar too.
I have a drink before dinner to take the edge off my day. That's different.
Not yet.
Are you going to.
Helena   
Parents still together.
In school.
I get A's. All A's.
I'm telling you she doesn't know shit.
He won. He was a winner. That bothers you.
What would a law firm want from the new drug Czar.
Not Tiger Woods.
I don't really like guns. You shoot someone in the head three times and some doctor will keep them alive.
Not in 
That's crazy. My husband is on trial for smuggling.
What is the name of your informant.
Only if he can be trusted.
Everybody has a weakness.
Is it possible to have a Drug Czar in Mexico who isn't connected in some war to one of the cartels.
Any idea how much.
Right. But that's not the biggest problem. One of our Intel officers picked up information from DEA that traffickers have come up with a process a chemical process to turn coke into something else. It doesn't smell like coke. It doesn't look like coke. And what's worse it doesn't react to field test. It could be anything. Maybe it's already happening. I mean how would we know.
The West End. We buy it off the streets. I can stop you know and she can't. Two people really similar we can talk about anything but for me it's like a weekend thing then I get my shit together and for her it's different   
Addicts treat themselves  they overdose and then there's one less to worry about.
If we're moving the press conference we need to do it now. Are you all right.
What do you mean.
Well I've not brought them.
You'll never catch us you flabby bastard. Right see when I come back   
You were in my way.
Eh 
Right. You can't sleep here.
Holding hands.
Can I see you again.
It's an interesting theory.
What and deny myself the only pleasure I get from him. Did I tell you about my birthday.
I didn't either. What the fuck is it.
It's a tightrope Spud a fucking tightrope.
People think it's all about misery and desperation and death and all that shite which is not to be ignored but what they forget   Spud is shooting up for the pleasure of it. Otherwise we wouldn't do it. After all we're not fucking stupid. At least we're not that fucking stupid. Take the best orgasm you ever had multiply it by a thousand and you're still nowhere near it. When you're on junk you have only one worry: scoring. When you're off it you are suddenly obliged to worry about all sorts of other shite. Got no money: can't get pished. Got money: drinking too much. Can't get a bird: no chance of a ride. Got a bird: too much hassle. You have to worry about bills about food about some football team that never fucking wins about human relationships and all the things that really don't matter when you've got a sincere and truthful junk habit.
The only drawback or at least the principal drawback is that you have to endure all manner of cunts telling you that  
Roald Dahl. Fuck me.
Charlie Nicholas David Niven Malcolm McLaren Elvis Presley.  
Despite the Academy award.
Give me the gun.
He made me lick it.
It was my fucking television.
Yes but then she finds out I've bought a ticket for Iggy Pop the same night.
Went ballistic.
Homeless people.
It will be your chariot.
Is there a problem gentlemen.
I instruct you to surrender. You are under attack by Federation forces.
Your orders are to proceed to Nimbus III assess the situation and avoid a confrontation if possible. Above all however get those hostages back safely.
Have the Klingons responded.
Understood. Kirk out.
ER  You forgot to take it with you.
I'm flattered. Twelve hundred points of interest in Yosemite and you pick me.
Because it's there.
Who is it he reminds you of.
Let me do something.
I have a half brother.
This is a new brig Captain. It is escape proof.
Uh uh.
I was thinking of Sybok. I've lost a brother.
But I thought Captain Chekov.. I see. Very clever Captain. Spock it would appear that you've been given a second chance to join me. What do you say.
I'll take you to the bridge.
No conditions.
I had a feeling you would say something like that. So I brought us dinner.
Starfleet are you aware of our currant status.
Scotty dear he' not a madman.
No. You must save yourselves. Forgive me brother. Forgive me.
You invented Space Paranoids.
Yes but you have to go roundtrip and you must purchase your program at least 30 days in advance. Hah.
Alan. Alan Bailey.
Yeah .
We have to close that down just briefly. Security reasons. Someone with that access has been tampering.
Ah. Sounds good. Well we should have you running again in a couple of days I hope.
where's your program. Won't it miss you.
No 
No nuh uh never in a million years.
The Pentagon.
It can be arranged 
Well isn't it   
Not us I hope.
Elementary physics  a beam of energy can always be diverted  ooh my head Are we there yet Mommy.
The tower yes Flynn have you remembered anything else about yourself like what sector you're from.
Have you been sneaking into the ICOM system.
Whew. You never were much for small talk. She still leave her clothes all over the floor.
Now get this straight pal no one User wrote me. I'm worth a couple million of their man years. I'm bigger than all those little wimps put together. Humans they can't even keen their social order in one piece
You rather take your chances with me. Want me to slow down your power cycles for you.
Another free program off line. What's his User s'posed to do   
Yeah. You know Harry.
No you're not. You're going to stay here until your father gets home and have cake.
I'm not a pumpkin. Okay  Do I look even remotely like a pumpkin.. I'm not a muffin or a cupcake or a honeybear either. And you don't understand anything Dad 
Uh huh. Right here in river city.
Okay. Let's step up the surveillance on her. Put on two more guys.
What.
What.
I thought you moved out.
Just hang a minute.
I'll just hang then shall I.
She's having an affair.
Put a tap on her phone.
Yeah but for who.							*
No. Never.
I adore it.
Not exactly.
I couldn't believe it. I go back to get this report I need right and the phone is ringing so like a bonehead I answer it  
What'd you do honey.
I needed to feel alive. I wanted to do something  outrageous. And  I don't know  it felt good to be needed. To be trusted. To be special.
Answer the question  
I think so.
What. Oh the flat tire. Yeah I thought the damn towtruck was never going to get there.
Looks that way.
God you have great legs.
Doesn't matter. I like change. You know constant turnover. As soon as I close the deal it's one of two more times then adios.
I always have a couple on the hook. You know. There's one right now I've got her panting like a dog. It's great.
No. Soon as I turn you'll shoot me.
Get going.
So now it's Tasker. Not Renquist.
Cairo was a day at the beach next				* to this.
Three of them. Hardly worth					* talking about. Two won't bother				* me again.
Not here. I'll call you and we'll rendezvous again. We have to leave separately so we aren't seen together. For your safety.
Here. Sit down. Be comfortable.
What letter.
Don't eat anything.
The letter he sent.
Now hang up.
It's OK. Don't worry about it. Accidents happen.
The oriental in black. He's an assasin. Now at the beginning he was hired to kill this guy the cops had. So he got himself arrested. They take him into the police station. And he starts kickin' all the cops' asses. Now while keepin' them at bay he finds the guy he was supposed to kill. Does a number on him. Kicks the cops' asses some more. Kicks the bars out of the window. And jumps out into a getaway car that was waiting for him.
He ain't so much good guy as he's just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up for life. Hold on a fight scene's coming up.
That's my real name really. I got proof. See.
I don't remember. But off the top of my head I'd say black.
Phil Spector. Girl group stuff. You know like He's a Rebel.
Do you have a fella.
You bet. How much is that worth.
Well we sell other things too. Cool stuff. Man from U.N.C.L.E. Lunch boxes. Green Hornet board games. Shit like that. But comic books are main business. There's a lot of collectors around here.
I finally knew what I wanted when I grew up.
He thinks he is. He says his mother was Apache but I suspect he's lying.
This motherfucker sounds charming.
How do you do Mr. Worley.
I just gotta get somethin'.
No Clarence. Just forget it babe. I just wanna disappear from there.
No joke. This is probably the best hamburger I've ever had. I'm serious I've never had a hamburger taste this good.
  was so romantic.
It's got a nice ring to it. It sounds like a movie. Clarence and Alabama Go to Cancoon. Don't 'cha think.
I heard that.
Then shoot 'em. Shoot 'em in the face. And feed that boy to the dogs.
You're tellin' him what he wants to hear but that ain't the same thing as kissin' his ass.
You got it.
For the very first time in my life. Do you know what that's like.
No way. The whole enchilada in one shot.
Shut up. First you come waltzing into my life after two years. You're married. You killed a guy.
Riddle me this Batman. If you're all so much in love with each other what the fuck are you doing here. I'm sure you got better things to do with your time than walk around in circles starin' up a panther's ass. Your guy's interested because with that much shit at his fingertips he can play Joe fuckin' Hollywood till the wheels come off. He can sell it he can snort it he can play Santa Claus with it. At the price he's payin' he'll be everybody's best friend. And you know that's what we're talkin' about here. I'm not puttin' him down. Hey let him run wild. Have a ball it's his money. But don't expect me to hang around forever waitin' for you guys to grow some guts.
I guess so. Follow me.
Get on your knees.
You are the dumbest person in the world.
No. No you're not.
Lee Clarence Please don't insult me. Call me Lee.
A Norms in Van Nuys.
No shit.
Who is he.
That's what I've been tellin' ya. The guy was like a mad dog. So the cops aren't looking for me.
That's of minor importance. But what's of major fuckin' importance is that I believe you. Where did they go.
They didn't tell me.
Are you still working security for Foster & Langley.
You're a fuckin' star. And you're gonna be playin' your little one man show nightly for the next two fuckin' years for a captive audience  
Pussy love pink rocks.
Nigger you lie like a big dog.
They won't search you. I promise. You haven't done anything.
No way JosÈ.
Yeah I live here.
Uh I didn't hear the 
You don't want to jeopardize that reduction do you Cole. Have it taken away.
Cole did you or did you not record that message.
You're still a little  disoriented.
I got into trouble. I got arrested. But I still got you a specimen a spider but I didn't have anyplace to put it so I ate it. It was the wrong year anyway so I guess it doesn't matter.
Why do you think there aren't any germs in the air James.
What do you mean when you were a kid.
Nevermind. It's not real it's a hoax. A prank. He's hiding in a barn. Hey turn left here. Left.
I'm not going to do anything I promise. But you need help James. None of this is what you think it is.
That has your name on it. Give him cash.
You disappeared. One minute you were there the next minute you were gone. Did you run through the woods.
I think I saw a TV show like that when I was a kid. Where a boy 
You said I had delusions that I created a world you said you could explain everything 
You  you left them a message.
A lawsuit. You going to sue them.
And that's when I told you my father was this famous virologist and you said Hey he could make a germ and we could steal it.
Cole. Oh God Cole where are we.
It's about obeying about doing what you're told.
You see what I mean. You're being defensive. Isn't she being defensive Bob.
And what we believe is what's accepted as truth now isn't it Owen. Psychiatry it's the latest religion. And we're the priests we decide what's right and what's wrong   we decide who's crazy and who isn't  I'm in trouble Owen. I'm losing my faith.
You develop viruses and you're calling me insane. Typical. What does this virus attack. Don't tell me you sick fuck it doesn't matter. Have I ever developed a virus. Do I put helpless animals in cages and measure their reactions to electrical stimuli. Do I inject radioactive substances into living creatures and examine their bowel movements. Wow. And I'm crazy.
THIS IS A FUCKING EXPERIMENT. YOU'RE OUR HELPLESS LITTLE TEST ANIMAL DADDY. GOT THAT. NOW WHAT FUCKING VIRUS HAVE YOU COME UP WITH YOU DEMENTED FUCKING MANIAC.
That woman is was your  psychiatrist. And now she's spray  painting our building.
I said I was sorry.
That's 'cause I've done a lot of living.
We're all just floating along like twigs in a stream so enjoy the ride. Is that it.
A coin's got two sides. When you flip it there's a fifty fifty chance it'll be heads or tails. Boyd thinks if you flip a coin ten times half the time it'll come up each side.
I got more brains than you've got teeth.
How much.
The ticket is thirty dollars.
You got to be more careful. I remember one time  
Yeah right. Someplace in this dust bowl I can get something to drink.
Another accident. You got to be more careful.
To replace a God damn radiator hose..
Listen Darrell about that hundred  fifty bucks for the car as soon as I get where I'm going I swear I'll  
What.
I'm taking my car and I'm taking it now.
I don't want no dirty money. I run an honest business.
Honest like Al Capone on tax day. Where are my keys.
Kirin.
Is that right. Can't say as I blame you for wanting to head out for a bit. I know I've had my fill of this town. Sixteen years I've been the law and order here. So long I forgot why I ever wanted the job in the first place. Help people I guess. Keep the peace. Problem is there's so much peace around here they don't much need me. Got a lot of speeders but they're speeding through miles of nothing so I can't hardly blame them. Other than that well there ain't much to steal. I reckon that the last big crime we had was what would you say Mrs. McKenna. A murder.
He killed him Sheriff. I couldn't stop him. He made me come with him. He told me if I said a word he would kill me too.
Don't tell him anything. He can't do this.
I picked them out for you Jake. I thought you would like the colors.
How could I. I was sleeping.
My name is John. Now I'm not a stranger anymore. See how easy it is for us to get to know each other beautiful.
I don't know your real name.
It's Grace.
Accident.
That's all right. I got it.
'Course they cost a little more than I should really be spending. But damn it I don't hardly ever do anything nice for myself. I deserve nice things.
Not until my car's fixed. I don't know how long that's going to take.
All over. Chicago Miami Detroit. Just lately Albuquerque.
You've been around.
Nice house for a Shaman's daughter. You must be good.
Like they're made of polyester.
Nothing like a little liveliness.
That's not an answer. What is it you want.
And I take it things didn't much work out the way you planned.
He doesn't give it to us. We take it.
You live pretty good.
How much money has he got.
I nothing. Just something he said. So if the money's in a safe we'd have to get the combination  
Jesus Christ. Listen to yourself. I can't do it Grace. I can't do it.
I wanted to talk.
Because I know you're full of shit.
I could if I had Jake's money.
Oh that's great. We killed Jake because you heard him talk about some money that you've never seen. That's fucking brilliant.
This is good. This is real good. This is so good they might not even charge us with murder when they catch us. They'll probably just lock us up for being idiots.
I told you. I knew it was there. Didn't I tell you.
Had push it in. Funny thing; it wouldn't start.
Are you kidding. I'm not going down with you for killing a cop.
What difference does it make. You killed Jake.
He was a crooked bastard. He would have killed us.
A lot that means.
Is this what it's all about. You sucker me up here so you can watch the two of us beat the shit out of each other over you. Forget it. You want to take my head off Mister I won't even try to stop you. I deserve it for being an idiot. But if you're not I think I'll be on my way.
Got work. I know a man who's got a boat. Wants me to sail it for him.
Because I'm sick and tired of her little games. Because you could do it and drift away on your boat and no one would ever see you again. Because I've got a fifty thousand dollar life insurance policy on her and I would be more than happy to give the man who does her in a good chunk of it.
Another accident. You've really got to be more careful. Can I get you a drink.
I had a problem getting my car back.
Don't play simple with me Jake. You want me to spell it out for you. I'll kill Grace if you cut me in on the money.
The slimy bastard who's going to do it for you.
You didn't kill her.
Shut up.
You thought you'd come in here in the middle of the night and wham. Wail off and clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper.
That's not the reason I'm here. I swear it.
You're not talking sense.
You're not from around here are you. Where you from.
Oz.
What the hell are you talking about.
Will you shut up.
Not before I settle with you.
I know Mr. Vesci. I know. I was on my way to you it's just what a day I've had. You're not going to believe what's happened to me. I had the money I swear I had it. I was on my way to you when my car breaks down in the middle of nowhere.
A hundred and Now you listen to me you deadbeat little punk: I don't care if you got hit by a truck and run over by a steamroller. You owe me thirteen thousand dollars and I want it. I don't care how you get it or where from but I want it on my desk tomorrow or I'll show you what real bad luck is.
Yes Mr. Vesci.
There's nothing in the trunk Sheriff.
Soda. You got any soda.
You want something.
That a fact.
Well people gotta get by somehow. That's the curse. The mines done it. All that uranium plutonium fuffonium fuckononium assononium all that om. Everybody's got a mother. You don't rip up your mother. You don't rip up the Earth and take everything out. It's like the Cracker Jack box says the more you eat the more you want  .
Make time. Is everybody in this town on drugs.
'Cause I'm just like dynamite. And when I go off somebody gets hurt.
Oh shit.
This means something to you. Jenny means something to me.
I'll give you a lift son. Too hot to be walking  People die out here y'know.
Darrell's a moron.
About things. About your wife.
About what you said this morning.
You said you'd cut that up with the man who did her in.
You're talking like a madman.
Oh yeah sure. Why don't I buy you a plane ticket right out of here while I'm at it. I <u>know you</u>  This is what you do: Go to the house to see her.
What.
Cause she's dead.
He's up at the Look Out.
If I could do you think I'd be standing here wasting my time. Can you fix it or do I have to go somewhere else.
Hey your.. what the hell happened to you.
A goddamn radiator hose in a sixty four and a half Mustang. You know how long it took me to find that hose.
It might as well be fifteen hundred dollars because I don't have the money.
Now that's too bad. I sure hope you know how to wash dishes or shovel shit 'cause you're gonna have to work this one off.
You've been there.
Two hundred.
Well now you just know all there is about bein' a mechanic don't you. Didn't you read the sign.
Well that key's not gonna work. I had to pop the lock. You didn't leave me the trunk key.
Open up.
We're closed. Come back when the sun comes up.
Figgers. There's a scratch on the hood and how much you make selling my gun. Deduct it.
Do you want me to carry your pack for you.
Drove into Superior. What for.
I guess I've got wander in my blood.
Did you like it; me watching you.
Thank you.
A little of this a little of that. Mostly I tell fortunes.
From my father. He was the tribe's shaman.
Those are white words not ours.
Yeah I guess you're right.
Walk away.
You need a meal ticket is what you mean. Some guy you can latch onto just long enough for him to get you out of here.
Darrell. You know he and Jake are 
Because I know you're full of shit.
I could if I had Jake's money.
You said you couldn't kill anybody.
After dark. I'll leave the back door unlocked.
You already have.
The only deal he had in mind was killing you for Jake's murder and blackmailing me into sucking his dick for the rest of my life  no thanks.
Let it go baby. It's the past. I got a past 
I believe in this moment that's all. There is nothing else. Come on. He must weigh 300 pounds.
Yeah fell down and hit a rock. Not as bad as it looks.
Shit I'm sorry .you can't believe the strain I'm under. I'm just under a lot of strain here.
I.. Mexico. You got a bus that goes to Mexico. That's where I have to go.
Sure I'll try.
No baby you got it wrong.
 But I bet the story she <u>didn't</u> tell you was the best story of all. How old crazy Jake <u>was really her Papa</u>. And she <u>liked</u> fucking Papa. And now she's killed the sonufabitch. Just like she's gonna kill you.
You been a bad girl Grace. You took my heart from your Mama didn't ya. You betrayed her. Like you did me. There ain't no forgivin' ya girl.
There's someone in the house.
I am Russian da. I am also <u>rich</u> Russian da. Maybe we work something out my friend Sheriff.
Do you see any Telletubbies around here . Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it . Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it . No . Well that's what you see at a toy store. Any you must think this is a toy store cause you're in here shopping for an infant named Jeb. One of us has made a gross error and wasted the other person's valuable time 
out again.
I had a nightmare one night and I didn't wake you up so you could tell me it was okay. I think that was the first time. Does that count.
I don't know for sure I don't think so.
In college. A car accident.
Technically no. I gambled that you would attend the church service. I just waited for you.
Are you for real.
It's an exaggeration of the truth. Maybe it's based on something as simple as instinct. Like being able to touch someone and tell whether they've done something wrong  Or the level of what they've done wrong.
I never said you couldn't be killed. I never said that.
It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm David Dunne.
What if you worked out everyday for six months. You think you could beat him then.
I see.
That's great.
Elijah was wrong.
Is that right.
I'm meeting a player from Temple University. He's a cornerback. You like football.
This kid is six foot two two hundred and forty pounds. He runs the fifty in under six seconds. He's going to be a God.
Okay.
Did you get up from your seat.
On a bench across the street.
I fined 'em instead.
On account of they seen you was beatin' on their friend.
He said 
'Course he's coming.
You don't look nothin' like me mister.
I didn't mean no offense. I guess you're the one them cowboys cut up. Ned an' The Kid my partners are they 
Three days. I must be.
That big guy lookin' for me.
Yeah I guess. There's still a payment ain't there.
Little Bill I thought you were dead. I see you shaved off your chin whiskers.
No.
You figure nobody'll want to fuck her.
Hell no. Leastways they won't pay to do it.
You boys are off of the Spade Outfit. Got your own string of ponies.
Word must have got all the way to Texas by now.
I could run off them whores.
D d d duke. The D d duke of Death.
Some folks did call Old Corky Two Gun but not because he was sportin' two pistols but because he had a dick so big it was longer than the barrel on that Walker Colt he carried. An' the only insultin' he done was stickin' that big dick of his in some French Lady that Old Bob was sweet on  Well one day Corky walked into the Blue Bottle and before he knows what's happening Bob takes a shot at him  and misses on account of he's drunker than hell.
And.
Nobody didn't kill Ned he went South yesterday. He didn't even kill nobody. Why would anybody kill Ned.
About where you an' him was  an' where you was from  an' what your names was  an' 
L lies  at first. About how you was just passin' through and didn't kill nobody  an' Little Bill kept askin' questions mixin' him up catchin' lies  an' then he'd beat on Ned an' Ned would cry and lie some more an' then  then 
N no sir.
Well how about it.
I was gonna kill them two by myself. It don't take three.
Bet your ass I kin see fifty yards an' I kin shoot this sonofabitch 
You don't recollect.
You missed him. You didn't .
You  you ain't gonna shoot him yourownself.
We all got it comin' Kid.
You better get on back Miss.
I guess you won't mind my keepin' the bottle.
A writer. What do you write  letters an' such.
Wh wh when confronted by superior numbers the experienced gunfighter will fire on the best shots first.
Two weeks I guess.
We'll come across him tomorra I guess.
Better'n you anyhow Kid. You wasn't comin' close.
Huh. Uh  yeah.
Worms was comin' out.
I seen the angel of death Ned an' I seen the river. He's a snake he got  snake eyes.
Who Bill. Who got snake eyes.
Well that's good now ain't it Bill. Seein' Claudia an .
What.
Who said that.
Yeah.
I don't like the question.
He ain't as tough as you Kid.
All of it. About him an' you an' Uncle Pete  about robbin' the Rock Island Pacific  an' about them Missouri Banks.
That ain't what I mean.
I'll ride up close an' shoot 'em.
Just like that.
What was the money for.
There's more.
Edie please. I don't want to hear this right now. What did Renault and Fortier say.
Goddamnit.
Dean I love you. Do you hear me.
I hope I didn't disturb you.
I don't know. This is bad.
RIGHT THERE. FREEZE.
Hockney was just a bad bastard. Good with explosives. Mean as a snake when it mattered
I did you a favor by standing up for you last night but don't think we're friends. I'm sorry but I have other things  
Hurt you you sonofabitch. I could kill you.
Never heard of him.
Well I'm sorry.
They're pretty pissed off. They'll do anything. Now I got a way to do it without killing anyone: but like I said they won't let me in without you.
We'll make it.
I want you to find Edie. Both of you find some place safe. Tell her what happened   Everything. She knows people. She'll know what to do. If we can't get Kobayashi my way she'll get him her way.
I work for Keyser Sate.
Mr. Redfoot knew nothing. Mr. Soze rarely   t works with the same people for very long and they never know who they're working for. One cannot be betrayed if one has no people.
Two hours tops.
Someplace else then.
Where.
This won't be an' interrogation just a  friendly chat to kill time.
If it was a dope deal where's the dope if it was a hit who called it in.
Well I do have the weapons charge. I'm looking at six whole months hard time.
I know Ruby. He's very big on respect. Likes me very much.
You wanted to know what happened after the line up I'm telling you.
Is he the one that killed Keaton.
Right.
So why play into his hands. We can protect you.
Gee thanks Dave. Bang up job so far. Extortion coercion. You'll pardon me if I ask you to kiss my pucker. The same fuckers that rounded us up and sank us into this mess are telling me They'll bail me out. Fuck you. You think you can catch Keyser Soze. You think a guy like that comes this close to getting fingered and sticks his head out. If he comes up for anything it will be to get rid of me. After that my guess is you'll never hear from him again.
Oh but it's not. If I hadn't been nailed in Illinois for running a three card monte in between sets I never would have took off for New York. I never would have met Keaton see. That barber shop quartet was the reason for everything.
Can we just get back to Kobayashi.
Kobayashi told us where we could find Fenster.
I don't have a minute. Are you saying it was Keyser Soze. You told the D.A. you didn't know who it was.
He left you to stay behind and tell us he was dead. You saw him die right. Or did you. You had to hide when the first police cars showed up. You heard the shot just before the fire but you didn't see him die.
Maybe so but I'm no rat Agent Kujan. You tricked me that's all. I won't keep my mouth shut 'cause I'm scared. I'11 keep it shut 'cause I let Keaton down by getting caught   Edie Finneran too. And if they kill me it's
Ah. How did they treat you.
Very good.
No we don't want this case in court.
So what I want to do is stop it here. I'm going to make him an offer. I want to do it myself. I want it to come from me.
Yes. It would be.
You were the anesthesiologist at her delivery May twelfth nineteen seventy 
Tell me one.
 You brought thirty years of medical experience to bear. Isn't that what you did.
You reached down into death. Now isn't that right.
We've touched on this his own witness has said 
Your Honor . Your Honor 
No.
No.
Meth Methodology and Technique 
How old are you.
Nothing further your Honor.
Yes.  It is a crime. A serious crime.
You would not .
No.
Yes.
Then please which is correct. You've sworn today the patient ate one hour ago. Four years ago you swore she ate nine hours ago. Which is the lie. When were you lying.
You've just said you signed it.
It's completely done on a contingency basis. That means whatever the settlement is I retain one third..that is of course the usual arrangement..
I'm going to have you disbarred. I'm going to have your ticket. You know what you did. Do you know what you did.
I understand.  I went to the Bar Association. They tell me you're going to be disbarred.
 she went in complaining of stomach cramps. Good doctor would have doubted the information on the chart.
It's a common medical term.
That's what I'd planned to 
I'm going to take you to the home to see the girl 
Now Dr. Towler's testified that they restored the heartbeat within three or four minutes. In your opinion is his estimate correct.
I don't have a week. This case never should have come to trial. You know better. You're Mr. Independent. You want to be independent. Be independent now. I've got no sympathy for you.
Defense .
And don't give me this shit 'I was a lawyer too.' 'Cause I know who you were. You couldn't hack it as a lawyer. You were Bag Man for the Boys and you still are. I know who you are.
Let me talk to Mickey.
If you're selling something I'm late for work 
Pardon.
I'm a lawyer.
I think I will.
Maybe what.
We we No we just had a small reversal in the case  I have some uh I have some work to do 
 and is that serious.
You you don't under 
It's over.
Stop pressuring me 
What are you going to do.
Call the A.M.A. to Laura)..I can't talk now tell them you're Dr. Somebody you have to find this nurse 
No no no. I have to talk to him. If I can only call him..
One lousy letter eighteen months ago.I try to throw a fuckin' case your way..
  I get these people to trust you   they're coming here tomorrow by the way   I get this expert doctor to talk to you. I'm doing all your fuckin' legwork and it's eighteen months. You're 'sposed to be in court. I bet you haven't even seen the file.
You Listen: you said to me `if not now when '
I have to try this case. I have to do it Mick. I've got to stand up for that girl. I need your help.  Mick will you help me .  Will you help me .
I had a good teacher. McLean versus Urban Transport 
That's right.
She didn't do anything. She took the patient's history and signed the charts. 'K.C.' 'Kathy Costello '
  fifty thousand dollars.
She told me.
You saw Kat in New York  ..or is she in town. Is she in town .
Kathy Costello. That's my maiden name.
She said she had a full meal one hour before coming to the hospital.
One hour.
But those notations stop ..four and one half minutes after Deborah Ann Kaye's 
Four and one half minutes after her heart stopped.  And they resume seven minutes 
 and he's making a billion dollars every minute working for Stearns Harrington and he bought a dog and everything is rosy.  Then Mr. Stearns he tried to fix a case.
The Big Boy did .
How long have you been back.
No I'm all right.
More and more in the past few weeks. And she wanders. God knows where she wanders. I followed her one day.
Where'd she go.
Yes.
What for. Who are you.
No there are just a few things I want to ask you and   
No I happened to see you come in and I thought   
As friends. We'd just see a lot of each other as friends and you'd take care of me.
No.
Ah no.
I feel like driving. Are you terrible hungry.
You look like Madeleine now. Go up the stairs.
Took no chances did he. And when you got there he pushed her off the tower was that it. But you were the one who screamed. Why did you scream.
No 
When.
What.
 Falling  into San Francisco Bay.
You've nothing to apologize for.
Oh yes. The whole thing must have been so embarrassing for you.
No. No thank you.
The oldest living things.
No.
The tall trees 
No.
Home.
A portrait. Do you ever see a portrait.
Of the woman in the mirror. Would you know her if you saw her.
I'm here I've got you 
There was a village square a green with trees  and an old whitewashed Spanish church with a cloister. Across the green: a big grey wooden house with a porch and shutters and a balcony above  a small garden and next to it a livery stable  with old carriages lined up inside.
Madeleine a hundred miles south of San Francisco there's an old Spanish Mission Mission San Juan Bautista. It's been preserved exactly as it was a hundred years ago as a museum. Now think hard darling. You've been there before. You've seen it.
And it's a all real.
Where.
It had to. We're in love. That's all that counts. Madeleine   
Yes  you run this hotel.
Carlotta Valdes.
No  she only comes to sit. Two or three times a week. And I never ask questions you know. As long as they're well behaved. I must say that I've wondered   
It's this darned corset. It binds. He retrieves the stick.
No three way stretch. How very un  chic.
What's tomorrow.
Nothing for a while. You forget I'm a man of independent means. Or fairly independent.
I'm having one now.
Aren't you ever going to get married.
Ah sweet college days. But you're the one who blew it. I'm still available. Available Ferguson. Say Midge do you remember a guy at college named Gavin Elster.
My  the acrophobia.
Oh. You mean Gay Old Bohemian Days of Gay Old San Francisco. The juicy stories. Like who shot who in the Embarcadero August 1879.
Pop Leibel.
Who.
You'll tell or you'll be back in that corset. Come on.
Since I stopped being able to get them on the phone. For a man who has nothing to do you're certainly a busy little bee. Where do you go these days.
Where.
Not tweed it's a smoother material with a larger collar and belted.
No first of all. I'm not in a game mood.
Oh and why am I an asshole.
You're pathetic.
You never were a team player. That's why you never had any friends.
What are you fucking talking about.
Go home.
I'm calling the police.
I am not flexible on this.
Later.
I'm with Tina. Is she there.
Who.
She's still working.
I'm not talking to you.
Who's up for making some real money.
However it goes the point is nobody says anything to anyone ever. Right Right.
Suck my ass.
What are you going to do.
Hear what.
You're sick.
True.
They have a president. A Benjamin Yahoo something.
He must take an open field run to profitability through excessive debt large competitors and dwindling market share. Before the clock runs out.
Hotel for my parents the tent the band the Judge 
I'm working my ass off here. I've taken care of absolutely everything Keith.
Don't you put this on me. Don't do it don't do it don't do it don't 
They organized this not me. I have nothing to do with it.
You don't like Moore. Since when.
You expect more what.
It's vile.
Problems.
I'm not. What's the problem.
We're leaving in three hours.
Go have fun. Not too much.
We're on our way home. I just we're running a little late.
Yeah. Sure.
The only proof is those bodies.
You never walked away dad. You could have walked away.
I'm just so scared of that song. That fucking My son just arrived the other day he says thanks for the ball come on let's play. I got lots of bills come again next day. He's grown up just like me My boy is just like me. Gordon fucking Lightfoot Cat Stevens whoever that song just fucking kills me.
Just kills me 
OK OK. You guys just go back in. Dad keep going with the toast we'll be right in. Go on.
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 
Have another drink.
The wahoo.
You can tell when people believe you. It's obvious.
Yup.
 embarrassing shameful 
Okay boys smile.
So where to on the honeymoon.
Drum banging real times.
Who is she.
Thank you Uncle.
I have asked her but she's ungrateful. Sometimes I feel like hitting her. When I talk to her about the convent she turns to stone.
What's the matter.
Yes yes but there's no need to bring that up. How far are you prepared to help me.
She won't even know.
But why. Why.
Why the bad temper.
Let her do what she wants. She doesn't bother us in any way. She minds her business and we..
That's stupid. Plaster. It can still be used.
Are you Jorge.
But you have a right to let us know what you think.
I'm not interested. Do what you think's best.
Do they worry you that much then.
They worry me a great deal and especially because of you.
Is that all you're going to devote your life to.
Don't worry. Nobody's going to disturb you.
You cannot leave..
Why not.
Come with me.
I don't want to leave the convent Mother.
Good then let's go.
I accidently triggered a protection mechanism which erased the entire program.
Whatever.
Catch him and your record's clean.
Why would they be going there.
What about them.
It's too early in the morning for me to be cordial. You got any coffee.
Sid 6.7 is now armed.
Captain I'm afraid of how smart Sid 6.7 is. But I'm even more afraid of what's he's becoming.
What's the assignment.
Don't remind me.
Show me his physical sensory level.
It was me what.
What do you expect me to do thank him.
You're not my therapist. You're hear to study me. Face it —— I'm nothing more than a lab rat to you.
Enough.
He had a twin brother who was a musical child prodigy who died in an electrical accident at age eight. Lindenmeyer went into an emotional shell until was 17. All he did day and night was play the violin.
Every music school in the country rejected him and he turned to computers. Stay here.
Do me one favor —— if you shoot at anything make sure I'm nowhere near it.
  here on earth to create havoc and terror. I am War I am death. I am destruction. David Berkowitz 1977.
I am impressed.
Sounds to me like a well—educated way of saying you have no idea what to do next.
Dammit I hate sounding so clinical all the time. All I meant to say was I thought you were doing well but then I 
Relax. I know what you meant.
No. Grimes isn't back. He's only one part of Sid. Sid 6.7 is a hell of a lot worse than Grimes ever was. Get a hold of yourself.
Sid 6.7 isn't Grimes.
I don't know.
The only thing I want to hear is your silence.
Now is that any way to talk to an old buddy. I mean just because I'm carrying around the joy of killing your family inside me doesn't mean we can't be friends.
I've got some final preparations to take care of—— Checking his watch he stops suddenly.
Mr. Wallace I could have 10 of them ready by tomorrow.
<u>Hello</u>. What.
You wouldn't be here if it wasn't true. It's true right.
<u>Fuck</u> the world. Try a ten A.M. <u>pitch</u> meeting no sleep coked to the gills and you haven't even read the <u>material</u>.
 .we landing.
What did Albania ever do to us.
The thing with the Yellow Ribbon 
<u>Hello</u>  Yes. We'll be back .
Speaking of thanks  we puttem back in what does your fellow Moss want.
<u>I</u> dunno . Ambassador to <u>Togo</u> somethin' <u>I</u> dunno  he 
 they just hadn't thought it through 
Yep. Well we started it he Ended it 
 those limp dick.. <u>turncoat</u>  I <u>thought</u> they let us out of there too easy ..
Uh Didn't we <u>do</u> this.
I'd like to mention a few <u>names</u> who 
ON LIZ AS SHE WALKS THROUGH THE H.Q. ON A BOARD WE SEE DAYS TILL ELECTION 6 AND % IN FAVOR 82%. A HUGE TV SHOWS THE PRESIDENT.
How's our friend. What is he dead.
 down safely crew perished in the Crash .
 how ya feeling boy.
We're locked into Albania.
Six to five and pick'em you wanna <u>chance</u> it 
S'all very well but when the Fit hits the Shan somebody's going to have to Stay After School and who do you 'spose that might be.
 Good 
Touchdown Andrews fourteen hundred today.
Party's gonna need more than a couple bucks now.
Uh <u>nothing</u> oh <u>nothing</u>.. uh  a <u>War</u> uh  You're kidding.
Remember the Maine 
Why Albania.
I never won an Oscar.
 there gonna be any money in this thing.
I saw it on TV.
No it's  I'll yes I'm holding but  No it's..
In the Folk Music Section. We'll be in in 
They got him standing by.
What's the thing with Morse Code 
You do your job right nobody should notice.
Hell of a Ride Stanley 
Guy says he'll respect her tomorrow he <u>might</u> but why take a chance. Hold out til after you're married. That's  that's . looky we're offering'em Schumann make em <u>vote</u> for hhhh . psychologically they will understand that that's the bargain. Make them pay for him. Make  that's right the price is their vote. Now we bring him home the President announces he is flying <u>home</u> he's <u>here</u> he's <u>there</u>  f'there the election TA DA here he is. Have him say it like I wrote it It'll be fine. Thanks. Labor five bucks an hour. If you <u>watch</u> <u>ten</u> bucks an hour. If you <u>help</u>.. if you <u>help</u> a <u>hundred</u> bucks an hour.
We're going home. We're going home together 
No. You're right.
That's <u>one</u> thing but I'm not gonna let two dickheads from <u>Filmschool</u> take it  are you <u>Nuts</u>. Are you <u>Nuts</u>.
Hold it a minute Benny we're going to tweak it a bit. This may take a while.
Keep Talking .
See y'at the Finish Line.
Thank God this is America.
 the pet wrangler suggested it..he's also got a 
John Belushi  <u>Jim</u> Belushi 
Eighty <u>nine</u> percent favorable is based not on <u>events</u> 
Lemme talk to him. Will. Shoe.
Sounds tempting. I prefer mine with a twist of fate. You know like us meeting. Don't go away 
I don't think you're being fair sir. You assigned me this guy and you know he's got a history 
I'd love to Mr. Lynch thank you.
Joke about it. I was up all night charting these stocks. You want to see this or what.
Ah I had a tough day. Some jerk D.K'd me and I gotta cover his loss.
Dad it takes time. You gotta build a customer list. I'm doing it. I could make more money in one year as a broker than five years at the airline.
How's Mom.
  Dad you should've been a CEO. How about dinner.
Yeah you do that huckleberry. I'll still be here.
 gotta run Dad. You stop smoking you hear.
Your responsibility Dad is to present the facts not your opinions to the men  you're gonna destroy their lives Dad. Don't do it to 'em. Give it a chance. Let the membership decide for themselves Dad. Please.
Your men. All my life your men have been able to count on you. Why is it that you've never been there for me.
Look Dixon calm down. It's not illegal to buy stock or to be right. And it's not all that unusual to be spot checked on a big buy. Tell him you did your homework and you thought the stock was a sound investment.
Wherever you like Lutece 21 the River Cafe or maybe we can just drive around for a while. Work up an appetite.
So you say. Nice to meet you; hope you're intelligent. Like these how'd you get these.
So whatta you got for me sport. Why are you here.
Nice to see you again Mr. Gekko.
 I can't even see it 
 finish out the game Bud push yourself 
What about it. You work hard. I'll bet you stayed up all night analyzing that dog you bought. And where'd it get you . my father worked hard too like an elephant pushing electrical supplies. And he dropped dead at 49 with a heart attack and a tax bill and the bank pissed on his grave and took the house; my mom ended up working in a dish factory  Wake up pal if you're not inside you're outside. And I'm not talking a $200000 a year working Wall Street stiff flying first class and being comfortable I'm talking rich pal rich enough to fly in your own jet rich enough not to waste time 50 100 million a player Bud or nothing. You had what it takes to let through my door. Next question: You got what it takes to stay ..
 Gordon.
I think I got some friends that won't mind making some easy money 
I found out about the garage sale down at Bluestar. Why.
Tell me Gordon  when does it all end. How many yachts can you waterski behind. How much is enough.
 I can't make it tonight.
Aha. Poet or philosopher.
I gather you're a decorator.
Where is it.
Oh really. Home of the exposed brick wall and the houseplant.
I guess this must be destiny alright. My first yuppie apartment and  my first yuppie.
You have modest wants. I like that in a man.
 are you going to trade all night again. You got to go to work in a couple of hours.
So did I till I hit 19 and found I had all the royal habits and no throne. Mom got by but I had to go to work just like you. Only the skills I had were shopping and making friends. So that's why I do what I do what makes you tick Buddy.
Buddy it's not your fault and it's not your decision.
Maybe it does. Don't patronize me Gordon.
Hey the Terminator. Blow 'em away Ollie.
Right. CHINA I need a taking care of not `hey how bout a pizza after class babe'. I'm looking for something just a little more in a man. A little `je nes se qua'.
Uh wrong picture Tony.
Ok so maybe I was a little over emotional.
Oh that explains everything.
Big deal.
China
They're all human beings
Servants. Oh isn't it terrible darling two more people have disappeared
Oh. The virgin has spoken. SARAH Stop it.
Never fear Tony is here. Ladies first.
I think playing in a band called Bitch might put a dent in the whole perfect family thing.
No.
You think you influenced her.
No.
What do you think. Guess.
I am.
At the party.
Who's that.
That I'll just that one day I'll just disappear.
And then you weren't there.
Right. I'm sorry.
What.
Yeah.
She never mentioned her father.
Anyway Claire slept with him 
Thanks but I'm fine.
You got it.
Jody no 
Something was there. You saw it.
Why.
Relieved.
Too late. Jody it was an accident.
Trust me Claire. You hear something  change the subject. You find something  get rid of it throw it in the lake. You know what happened. The rest is only details. And no one's ever glad they got a hold of those. If you want to put this back together just let it go.
More or less.
Unless you need me to come home 
That's 
She was lonely I talked to her. Norman I know how it looks but  
 and I don't think I'm some lonely middle aged woman cracking up.
We had a seance.
Jody and I. And she was there Norman she was. It scared Jody so bad she had to leave.
How did you  
The accident .
Really big bed.
I felt you looking through me 
When she said it there was something familiar but no.
In the living room 
But I don't remember.
No. I'm afraid to ask what this is about.
It's her. This is the woman who I've seen.
Yes. The ghost.
 Please stop 
What's the matter.
Your wife 
I never asked you to quit.
Who.
Little village down seven. Supposed to be charming.
I'm cooking you dinner.
I don't believe you.
Mauduh 
I wish everyone would stop commenting on my health. I'm the doctor.
But why would they do that .
Yes   and you have. Do you see . He was passing over into death   but the witches sent him back   to the one person they knew had the power to save him  and they gave him the power to show you what no one else could 
Gifford   that box glued to your hands .
Mm hmm.  Seems & lot longer.
A very tired one. I've been up all night   and I wouldlike to rest before the funeral.   Have your lawyer  
I want to see my mother. Where is she .
I'm tired. I need to rest.
There are things I have to know.
Eighty million doll 
'He' .
Just like your mother   and all the others that felt him   and used his power   and went to hell with a smile.
Michael  Help us  The door.
He just went out like & light 
I'll tell OR we're bringing  
Like this .
It you harm Michael I will let my anger loose. And you will feel that. Do you understand .
I bring her flowers too.
But I could understand. I want to understand.
It was an accident.  Gifford too.
Ju1ien was your father  Your great grandfather   your grandfather   and your father. All one in the same  That is why he fought carlotta for your life.
No.  Don't. Lasher 
As far as touching things yes. But the vision   that keeps pouring into my head   It won't go away God   if I could just understand it.
Michael   this place is increadible. You   you're brilliant  The things you created 
Mad. for each other.
Yes. I love you. Very much.
I'm soon to be a very wealthy witch.
It's the next best thing to being there'   right .
Michael   this is Beatrice Mayfair. And this is her brother Giff   
Hey   I'm getting married in the morning   I already gave up drinking. one crutch at a time Doctor.
Lock the door. Lock it
A bit much.  Lucas.
What were you talking about .
I   I  I can't Michael. There's stuff  at the clinic  
Michael   please   just. a little longer. Don't leave.
Michael   I'm sorry  Just give me  
On which planet .
Is that a crack about our singing .
Don't give me shit   what do you want.
A person could get killed round here just for working late
Don't mention it   now can I get back to my accounts or do you want to fillet me.
Yes   it's about bank safety deposit boxes   I wonder if you might just explain how they work   and maybe even show me round.
I really don't know what to say
Did you.
It was wrong   all my life I have been cheated   cheated of anything good   I shouldn't have been born   I was a mistake   my natural mother was a whore   that makes me 
Yes   but you live here too   If it were your house.
You heard me   keep away from him
Get out 
And not just any novelist   a great novelist   it was an impressive piece of work ELLEN 
I'm good   I was just making a delivery near here so I thought I would see if you were about 
Oh no sir   just making some enquiries Just tell her that INSPECTOR TAYLOR called on you   she'll understand
Yes sorry   He's here to make sure that you are alright
One thing for sure Christy Malone ain't lookin THAT good naked.
I defy any and all limits.
Well Dad said 
And like every hamburger guy knows when you get your one big chance at the good life you abuse every second of it until they figure out you don't belong there and kick your sorry ass out.
This isn't some 80's porno film you dip shit. There are no wild sex orgies.
Yeah whatever.
Brilliant. Molly give me all you've got. For Merk.
God I love being dead.
New Hushpuppies don't make a new man.
That explains the emptiness that haunts me.
Jealousy is so unattractive.
He kicked major ass and you know it.
But that smile.
Christy. You want to be in Heaven.
I do. I mean yeah I do.
Dad please.
Well why should I.
There ya go. Always remember focus on the peach 
Dad let's just say I can buy anything I want in the whole bookstore. Including the bookstore.
It's okay. You need me.
Your mom said you've been ignoring your chores.
I will not have my boys arguing.
But if you're watching this then it means we bit the dust.
But how can you respect yourself if you don't.
You want it in writing.
Christy's a very talented journalist. I see a Pulitzer in her future.
Me ow.
Ah ha. It was so well hidden you didn't even know it was there.
Then I'll write about YOU.
Local boy inherits more money than god. Call me crazy but I smell human interest.
You're implying she's what a gold digger.
To the best hiding place in the world.
He didn't. He had it built.
Not whatever. It's two different things.
He cared enough to want you to have it.
In a word: MERK. EXPOSED.
I got an anonymous tip and an address in Cincinnati.
Let's do it.
At least it's not another 4 H meeting or a Big Brother barbecue.
Trust is something you earn over time. You don't just inherit it overnight like a gazillion dollar empire.
Julie I'll tell you something that is the god's honest truth. I've seen a lot of really beautiful girls. I mean a lot. But none of them make me feel like you do.
I mean your pictorial. It bothers me profoundly.
Aw Julie it's my job. It's like being a doctor.
You've seen one naked breast you've seem them all.
The thing is I'll need a first mate.
It's okay Mom. Trust me.
Just a few tokens of my affection. I'll be back soon don't worry.
Only the best for my mother.
But how would we pay our bills.
I never figured you for a pimp.
What kind of sick question is that. I'll be watching you young man. Your money and power mean nothing here. Nothing.
You're sure.
They said that. Really. Oh your parents. The Nelson's. Right right. How midwest. I like that.
I do.
You were the new and improved you.
Really. You'd do that for me.
My parents always say hard work builds character.
You think we should be more open minded.
That's perfect.
He was in a league of his own.
I can't wait to see the pictures.
I wish I knew you years ago when my brother was alive. I wish he never gave you up.
My job. Back off Benedict.
That's right. And guess who's the new King of the Unemployment Line.
It's about your parents.
I'm terrible at this. I blurt. I'm a blurter. Your parents They..well they exist no further. Skinny dipping. The Amazon. Piranhas. It wasn't pretty.
It's spring break. I don't want to go to a will reading.
She's going to wash your Jeep.
And the child 
She had it before she drank herself to death. Wasn't exactly a love child 
I know you do.
Not at first. He was still inside but he wasn't moving or anything  He said we had this secret. And that now he'd be able to help me  because we were close  Something like that. I don't know. It's hard to remember exactly.
You could tell me where you were last night.
Hunter's making it our job because Sandra Van Ryan's got a bug up his ass. You know that as well as I do. We're gonna trash this guy's life and I keep asking myself if it's really necessary.
You mean Camp Sixty Nine.
Maybe Lombardo's attorney was saving the affair for the trial.
Ray. We don't know anything yet. She could be anywhere 
You don't think Sam could've put it there.
We need to tape the interview Suzie. No one will see it but us. Now when was this that Mr. Lombardo gave you the ride.
I guess.
I told Kelly Van Ryan she was under arrest for conspiracy and murder. I did her rights.
You didn't cuff her.
Yeah  okay  he did
I'm sorry  you said it hurt. Why.
I said he did.
Hey you're working for it. Least you're supposed to be.
I'm scared that's what. I'm scared there's no one to trust.
I've been a cop for a while Kelly. It's hard enough for one person to keep a secret let alone three. And then there's the love angle. I mean do you and Sam really want that little pill head around now that you have the money.
Rules are rules Mr. Lombardo.
Duquette. Forget him 
Lady has some deep pockets. That's all I'm saying.
Not in here. Chiropractor comes in here for lunch sometimes.
That's right.
Suzie Toller is dead. You don't want Kelly to be next then take my advice. Stay out of my way.
The one you bought at school.
Sit down Lombardo.
The bitch shot me is what happened.
Kelly was supposed to be framed not killed. What I'm telling you is I don't like surprises.
I think there's some things you do you don't want to see yourself doing them.
Wait a minute. Now I know where I've heard of you. You're the gadget guy.
No offense but all I ever need  Are these  And this.
Yes aha. A brass screw.
Potentially. This is the painstaking process of piecing together clues. The cornerstone of the modern science of criminology. Piece by piece we reconstruct the identity of the villain.
Absolutely. Have to look for clues  even if it means dancing with beautiful women.
Do your own mingling. I'm not hanging around with some dandy named Chauncey.
Good I wasn't sure you were up to it.
I'm going to hit you.
At least the thing's not that fast. We just follow it. Whenever it stops we're there waiting.
That's right  That's good.
Which is why we're heading to Houston Texas. Home of the Loveless Steam Engine Works.
Come on let's at least see if we can find Dr. Pemberton.
You go ahead. I'll stick with Loveless.
Of course not.
Yes me.
They don't even realize they should be frightened.
I don't recollect ever being compared to a pistol before.
Yes in a way. I'm the Doctor's social secretary. I handle his correspondence send out the invitations you know.
I try. Please if you promise to protect me I'll testify against him. I'll give you an ironclad case.
I would Mr. Doyle. Are you game.
French. Damn it I want my own man on this case. Somebody I trust. Somebody who doesn't mind breaking up the furniture.
How embarrassing. Did I hold up three fingers.
Talk. About what . Oh. About who you are and all that.
He had a pressing engagement.
You don't know what he's built.. Surely you don't think he kidnapped all those geniuses to have them make something as rudimentary as this.
When are they coming.
In an hour they're gone.
She belongs to all of us. She is the future queen and ruler of all kingdoms on earth.
You are very important Willow.
If I'm not strong enough to be your apprentice how can I do this.
Let me see it.
Too bad you're not more like your father.
Farmer. I knew it. You're a vic  tim Willow. Yep you and me: victims of a rotten corrupt cor  rupt rotten world.
Don't worry Willow. She's in good hands. You haven't made a mistake.
Where the hell did you come from.
Time to leave.
Who.
What a great son you are Ranon. I wish I could take you with me. Now go to sleep 
I'm Willow Ufgood. I'm here to find Fin Raziel.
We need your help. To take this baby to Tir Asleen. She's a prin  cess.
A magician *makes* magic. Any fool can use it.
That's all I ever wanted.
Why.
Here. Hold her.
Who..
Not one this big.
Upstairs asleep. Where'd you think.
John I don't understand any of this.
Have you got your gun on now.
That's the problem. We need results. The press is driving us crazy over this P2P thing. Calling us the 'speed capitol of the country'. You know the sort of thing. It's getting political. The Commissioner's getting very uneasy.
We're looking for a suspect. We've reason to believe he's still in the area.
They kid a lot.
But –
Very interesting. I'm learning a lot about manure. What's that.
Quaint. Can't imagine why.
I know what he said.
I'm leaving tonight. I'm going to need my clothes. And my gun.
No. I was being unrealistic. Even thinking about living this life.
What I know Paul is  He's going to take you out 
Not yet.
Of course Elaine. But as long as there's any question better Johnny should come back and clear his name.
Elaine I don't want to have to take you in for questioning. You've got his car you were the last to see him –
I don't know where he is.
Fred. The way he looked when you screamed at him.
His name is John Book.
Of course not. We're going to Baltimore. It's much nicer in Baltimore.
No  No. It is just the English way.
Oh but Aunt Em she hit him over the   
No   
I know but we all got to work out our own problems Henry.
Yes.
All right Mrs. Gale. But some day they're going to erect a statue to me in this town and   
If she 
Tap   tap   tap   tap   What was that   that   that. Our echo   echo   echo.
Yes sir. So we'd like you to keep your promise to us if you please sir.
Times being what they were I accepted the job retaining my balloon against the advent of a quick get away. And in that balloon my dear Dorothy you and I will return to the land of E Pluribus Unum.
Goodbye folks.
All in good time my little pretty all in good time.
Oh. Well .
I have.
No they won't   honestly.
Auntie Em was even going to let them kill Toto yesterday for biting Miss Gulch. Oh please Professor why can't we go with you and see all the Crowned Heads of Europe.
But you couldn't have been could you.
Here's what I'm taking him in so he can't attack me again.
Oil can .
Oh  
I   I guess they tried to but they bent their stingers.
Well why don't you use them. When you come home don't go by Miss Gulch's place. Then Toto won't get in her garden and you won't get in no trouble. See.
I don't see how. You weren't around when I was stuffed and sewn together were you.
Oh here quick oh.   we'll oil him up.
Ohh. OHH. OHH.
Who at.
I Oh   
Here  Come on.
What was that.
Oh scared huh.
That doesn't do any good I'm afraid of 'em.
I hope your tail holds out. Oh   
Yeah.
B B B B B But if we do that we'll have to kill her to get it.
It's empty. The tinsmith forgot to give me a heart.
No sir.
What about the heart that you promised Tin Man  
But I still want one.
Oh. Help me. The balloon's going up.
Yes. Viktor Davidov Miss .
Couldn’t make it. Splitting headache.
Elektra King.
The King pipeline.
Since Oxford. I knew him when he had nothing but a brilliant mind and enough guts to conquer the world. He’s a man of great integrity.
Claude Serrault. A.K.A 
I’m sorry.
Funerals aren’t exactly memorable.
I think you’re one of the bravest people I’ve ever met.
I have to go to work.
Shush.
I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Five more turns and your neck will break.
No one will believe this melt down was an accident.
BondJamesBond. What brings you here.
She dropped a million and half dollars to the House your House. And you didn’t even bat an eyelid. She was paying you off. What for.
Former KGB surveillance post. The Dye Factory was just a front; now it turns a good profit.
Of course 
What do you think.
No. It is the beginning. The world will never be the same.
Washington.
They want in. Seems our friend here was hardcore CTU.
Hnnrr. Like to masturbate. Shit once a day.
Why doctor. I did. He was a bad dog.
God isn't there to do it.
We don't know that.
Hello Adrian.
Oh. The CTU suspects a Libyan hit squad.
Not yet there's plenty of time.
I won't do that.
Uh huh. You might recognize the names. Quite a few of them worked at Gila Flats.
I¹m not.
I'm not his whatever. Okay.
Play one. Educate yourself.
Not at all. You look very dashing. Here you pick one.
Antarctica..
Would you want to sit out a war. I mean what would be left.
All right. Mission accomplished.
It's because there's nothing to be afraid of anymore. The world's about to end. I feel like I could save it.
Obvious pattern all ties in   
Veidt's assassin. Leads to follow. Can't just   
Okay let's just thank you.
Jon Osterman you don't act like a Princeton boy. What's a big lug like you doing in a place like this.
Oh sweetheart just a quick one.
I don't know their real names.
Stay Adrian. I just every once in a while I need to talk to someone human. He doesn't think like we do. He doesn't even feel what we feel. I mean he even scares the research teams.
Don't know. Ask around. I'll be back.
Too important for telephone. Comedian Dr. Manhattan. All linked up.
Before you do that you might want to look at what I've been looking at.
Diner huh. Let me tell you what the problem is. I wake up drugged to find what. You've got a salesman over here reading a three week old newspaper. He's pulling a 211 with a trucker who happens to be packing a cop issue H&K 9mm. I get tipped that something is going down when she passes me a note. How's that for twisted logic. How did she know there was trouble unless they pulled the guns before I walked in. And if that's true why'd they stop and wait until I woke up to gaffle the money. Then I notice how beefy they both are. Hell even the waitress is cut. All three of them look like they went through the same training program. Ergo they ain't strangers and this isn't what it seems. That's how I knew yo yo wouldn't get a round off even if I gave him all day. Why.
Are we done now. You've got nothing on me. So if you ain't booking me I'm walking.
You want the cheap backstory. The runaway mom the suicide dad and the foster homes. Gimme a break. You're not interested in my past you're interested in my future as some kind of spy.
You're perceptive too. I forgot to add that to the list of surprises. I'm with the National Security Agency. And unlikely as it may sound I need your help.
You're one sick bastard. A sadist with a badge looking to rope me in to a suicide mission. I think no matter which way I go I'm likely to wind up face down on a sheet of plastic. So here's my answer: kiss my ass Hop along.
Jesus Christ Gibbons this is something we came up with.
I'm pretty happy to see me too. So are you done with me yet.
So the odds are up to fifty fifty. I can deal with that.
Oh I don't know. It was an accident.
Sure. Just chisel some off your heart.
Don't even start. I'll be honest I don't trust you. Bur lets pretend for a minute that what you say is true that I want to leave. What can you do about it.
A beach named X. That I'd like to see.
There's no more time for games. They made you. There's a sniper out front waiting to put a bullet in your eye. Tell me if it's true.
You can't it's too risky. I'm not much help anyway remember.
I know which cops are good and which are bad. Come with me. Come on right now.
Why. You're the one who believes in nothing. Screw the world or whatever you said.
Aren't they gonna wonder were you've been.
He's a regular humanitarian. And all this time I thought he was just a tool.
You can't welch on me now. We had a deal.
You've been so quiet lately Petra I thought you no longer cared.
Listen to you. Right away sir anything you say sir.
I thought that was in detail.
I can see that. Why.
It's not about the money X. You never plan for anything. I can't live like that anymore I need some stability.
You killed me remember. Now I have to hide out here with you. Where have you been.
Looks like we're in the middle of the drug war.
Come on Xander. You used to stand for something. What happened to you man. I thought you'd get it.
Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry I asked.
I'm afraid without Cerebro's help he won't have the strength to heal himself And without the neuro  filter  there's no Cerebro.
Well I think that's perfectly understandable.
Storm Rogue you take the south entrance. Jean and I will go in here.
I don't remember. Is that what you wanted to ask me.
There's no smoking or drinking on the school grounds.
He takes his work seriously.
He takes himself seriously.
Yeah I'll bet you have.
You wouldn't happen to be teaching them how to use their powers to   
Senator.
I can assure you there is no such creature in my genes.
Come with me and I'll let her live.
You think I care about her. I'm the only one who's sure to walk out of here.
A very powerful mutant who for some reason has taken an interest in you. I'm not sure why but until we find out I must ask you to stay.
What do you mean to do.
Herr Falkstein you must go at once and present Dr. Frankenstein with all the details of his inheritance. The estate will provide for your journey.
And who might you be.
Dr. Frederick Fronkonsteen.
The grandson of Victor 'Fronkonsteen'.
What was your grandfather's name.
I did sir.
What.
MMMMM. MMMMM.
MMmmm.
And your passport.
Yes.
Oh darling so will I.
You're incorrigible.
Give me a hand with these will you Ayegor.
Darling you mustn't worry so.
Yes but  I thought perhaps tonight under the circumstances I might  stay here with you.
Break that old man's violin.
Saturday night yes sir. Have a pleasant journey.
A piece of what.
Vermicelli.
Are you speaking of the worm or.. the spaghetti.
Nineteen sir.
But look at what's been done with hearts and kidneys.
But your grandfather's work sir 
You must be Igor.
It's always been one of my favorite names.
You're right. Self pity never got anyone anywhere. Let's go back and finish our dinner.
No no. That whole thing.
Yes master. Are you sure you want to go through with it.
Okay boss. But I hope you know what you're doing.
  It's.
Yes thank you. It wasn't bad.
Oh please just till I get sleepy. Then you can force me right back to my room.
Whatever it is it's coming from down there. I'm going down to see.
'Dilation of his sacral parasympathetic impulses would cause an increase in flow of blood and the erection to approximately nineteen inches of his apparatus genitals.'
Oh Frederick  you're not only a great doctor you're a great  you're almost a 
Yes.
I know.
Me. Sing.
Why don't we all turn in. It's been a long day.
The doctor said to allow seven minutes: no more and no less or else they could both become hopelessly paralyzed.
What d'ya want to do to kill time.
Could be. Across the river into Zululand. They might just be waiting there for us to show up them stabbing assegais pointing right at our bellies ..
I'm explaining my reasons.
And I assure you you do not In fact I'd be obliged for your best advice. What have your scouts seen.