Why.
Right. See. You're ready for the quiz.
There.
Hi.
Well no
Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with you know.
I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.
Oh my God does this mean you're becoming normal.
Daddy I 
Wear the belly before you go.
Why.
Daddy I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night 
You're not going unless your sister goes. End of story.
Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan. Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you.
Get out.
I teach her French get to know her dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me.
What about him.
In that case we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.
Cameron I'm a little busy
You just said
You're gonna pay me to take out some girl.
Take it or leave it. This isn't a negotiation.
When I shell out fifty I expect results.
Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
We don't chat.
But she can't go out with you because her sister is this insane head case and no one will go out with her. right.
Who's that.
What's this.
William would never have gone to a state school.
That's never been proven
I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.
Why 're you doing this.
Like you could find one
Busy
So what ' s up with your dad. He a pain in the ass.
Unwelcome.
State trooper.
How'd you get a tux at the last minute.
This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips.
You know fathers don't like to admit that their daughters are capable of running their own lives. It means we've become spectators. Bianca still lets me play a few innings. You've had me on the bleachers for years. When you go to Sarah Lawrence I won't even be able to watch the game.
Right.
What plan.
That's where we can help you. With Kat.
Are you telling me I'm a - non-smoker.
I don't understand Patrick. You haven't done anything asinine this week. Are you not feeling well.
You're completely demented.
We left three weeks ago Alonso. Can't be that near.
I am not afraid of you. You are nothing but a dreamer.
Ignorance. I believe the Indies are no more than 750 leagues west of the Canary Islands.
How can you be so certain.
Father I have betrayed my family. I betrayed my men. And I betrayed you.
What are you saying.
I believed in you
Oh. So you are a new man.
Thank you.
You'll be held in detention deprived of your privileges and possessions. Until you are returned to Spain where you will be judged. Have you anything to say.
What's he doing.
Where can I meet this man.
You bloody
Are you my attorney. I'm Emil. I'm insane.
I'm not your lawyer until I see the money.
You bring the cigarettes.
This is not about money Emil. I need your trust in me.
Back in the Czech Republic.
The men are out of quarters - practicing putting out fires.
Did you ever turn tricks before.
So you were never a prostitute.
Do you have coffee.
Do you really want me to forget about you.
Did you get a report from the M.E.
Maybe you don't care about that either. Prettiest suspect I've had in awhile.
What would you call her.
Eastern Europe. Like what. Romania. Hungary.
You're Polish.
She just saw two of her friends killed. They probably threatened her.
Why not.
What would your girlfriend think of that.
I took her there for a shower and that's it.
Well it's not up to you to decide whether she's innocent or not. Don't you understand that's why you're a professional.
We don't know that yet. It's much too early. There's a lot to be done.
I really can't give out any information right now at this point.
He was hurt but not seriously. He'll be fine.
Do you have the suspect in custody.
Stop it.
Maybe I should just ya knowturn to the cameras and say do you mind if we just work something out.
You're ruthless.
Look at this. You have blood on your shirt. Whose is it.
Well that's great.
Sooner or later that's everybody.
Keep them out of my way.
Okay. You ready.
We are both from Prague.
Whore.
Get in the bathroom.
Okay. He has nothing to say. Start the camera.
I told you to cut that out before we handed in the tape.
Credit.
Yes. Before we hand in the next video - I put titles on it and my credit is going to read - Directed by Oleg Razgul.
It's easy to learn.
Viewer discretion advised.
Alright. Go ahead.
No way. He's mine.
Okay you're under arrest. Now you happy.
You seem very savvy for a man who's been found mentally incompetent to stand trial.
But doesn't the Son of Sam Law prevent criminals from profiting from their crimes.
What's up.
I suppose so. Though of course there's a more sinister explanation.
Just ask Hal. It's conceivable they might keep something from us but they'd never keep anything from Hal.
Well that's something.
Yes I know.
I'm sorry about the misunderstanding Hal.
Too bad about Frank isn't it.
I'm goin to do this myself Hal. Let me have the control please.
I know that you've had that on your mind for some time now Dave but it would be a crying shame since I am so much more capable of carrying out this mission than you are and I have such enthusiasm and confi- dence in the mission.
CONTINUED
Yes I know that sweetheart.
Okay sweetheart. Well I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called.
Yes Daddy.
Oh that's such a delightful age.
Well Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you.
Oh I really don't have time for a drink. If it's all right I'll just sit for a minute and then I've got to be off.
Well as it happens I'm on my way up to the moon
Yes and I'm afaid there's going to be a bit of a row about it. Denying the men permission to land was a direct violation of the I.A.S. convention.
Fortunately they did.
We're scheduled to dock in about seven hours. Is there anything we can do for you.
Maybe you better have a Black Russian.
Now how's your memory doin'.
Excuse me baby but if i don't get some action tonight I'm gonna bust. You interested.
Hey don't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on.
You're gonna help us take him.
I got hit. I can't believe it. I got shot.
I don't give out the details.
Well.
I been in a lot of bars where a white cop rousted me and some of the brothers. All those clowns ever had going for 'em was a gun and a badge
Half a million.
Where's the money.
I wasn't sure the money was still there until we saw Luther. You almost got your ass shot off for nothing once not twice Jack.
You missed Luther took a taxi to the hotel across the street. Made a phone call.
Tell me something. Why didn't you just take the money off Luther and split.
It's late they're closing
What if your girl's theory turns out to be bullshit. I mean they could be in Rio de Janeiro.
Okay reggie start bustin' my chops Tell me how great you were with that chick.
I want to be left alone on this one. Algren was killed with my gun.
But that's what you say about all of us all the tine we're always the ones fucking up when you tell it
Wait a minute wait a minute who's this.
I don't think your gun's loaded
Great place for lunch.
The number what's the Goddamn number.
Hard man to live with.
Shut up.
How hot are they.
You sure.
Five bills.
Look at all these little things so busy all of a sudden. Notice how each one is useful. What a lovely ballet so full of form and color. So full of.life.
What are you doing.
There was this guy with a limp who came a month ago.said he was an art dealer Asking all these questions about the Sacred Stones.at the time I didn't think anything of it. What was his name. I'm so bad with names
Eto Akta Gamat.
Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.
Six to the left. One to the right.
Major Dallas if our calculations are correct you still have 57 hours owed to the Federal Army on your enlistment which is more than you will need for a mission of the utmost importance.
Learning language.
Here we go again
Why. We did pretty well wouldn't you say.
Like love
I have thousands of memories but none of them are mine There is no need for me other than this. I'm immortal but I have no life.
Uh.
This is all that survived.
Sounds like a freak of nature to me.
The compositional elements of his DNA chain are the same as ours there are simply more of them tightly packed. His knowledge is probably limitless.
The-Stones weren't aboard the ship.
Right away Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.
What's wrong. Are you alright.
You owe me an explanation. You can't treat me like this.
The loop. The girl we did what the fuck do you think I'm talking about. This guy calls and says he knows about the fucking loop
Flattering. And who's your colorful little chum.
And the other performer it has to be that monster you use the man in the mask.
Machine.
You remember Mr. Longdale don't you.
Don't let Longdale's questionable choice of weapon give you any ideas. If his fey little gun puts enough little holes in you you'll be just as dead and so will Max.
 sorry
Celebrity Films.
What.
Tell me what happened.
What do you want to know. You saw it you saw the loop
Where. Show me where.
You are a private investigator.
That's trust. Mr. Christian trusted me implicitly.
Except you're willing commit murder with them.
Isn't it incredibly obvious.
Give me the film.
I'm not a cop.
Child pornography.
There's two kinds of specialty product; legal and illegal. Foot fetish shit films watersports bondage spanking fisting she- males hemaphrodites it's beyond hardcore but legal. This is the kind of hardcore where one guy's going to look at it and throw up another guy looks at it and falls in love. Now with some of the S+M and bondage films they straddle the line. How are you supposed to tell if the person tied up with the ball gag in their mouth is a consenting or not. Step over that line you're into kiddie porn. Rape films but there aren't many. I've never seen one.
You just strike me as smart enough to be doing something else.
You can't sit there all day watching the parade of losers that comes into that place without going numb. So what. Am I gonna go off and be a race car driver. Go to Harvard. Run for President. What about you pops.
Nothing illegal it's always borderline. Like if some freak wants to see a transvestite in a full rubber immersion suit getting an enema from a
Oh come on man what are we doing in this flea bag.
You don't need to be here.
Mister Welles. You're very prompt.
Have a pleasant evening. Will you have tea Mister Welles.
There was nothing he could do. My husband left everything to me. I prevented anyone from seeing the contents. I felt these were my husband's private things. I didn't I didn't realize
Please believe me. This is probably a stag film. Simulated rape. Hard to stomach and it might seem real but there are ways of making it look realistic fake blood and special effects
Okay
One was for two hundred thousand one dollar and thirteen cents. Another was for three hundred thousand six hundred fifty four dollars and seventy six cents
Okay.
If there's anything you feel uncomfortable talking about tell me but I have to ask. Your husband he committed suicide.
What are you talking about .
They brought her into the room one man he put a knife to her throat and he raped her
He raped her andandand he murdered herhe cut her up with knifes
Yes I remember Mary
No sir he is not.
Yes Mister Welles thank you.
Excellent. we accept MasterCard and American Express.
You alright.
Sounds like a game show host to me.
How'd you learn so much about dreams.
We have matching luggage.
No
Tell him I was looking for him okay. I'm Dan.
So what's up. What'd I miss.
What is it.
I'll tell you later.
Frankly dear we wondered what you intend to do with our baby.
We know you've been through a lot but there's more than your feelings at stake here.
Dad.
It was just an accident. Like with Dan.
And so is your baby. You've got more than just yourself to think of now.
I thought about that.
Where are you going.
You too.
How is he - .
Peace - the dignity of man - the destiny of the human spirit. Show me a man who says you win <u>those</u> by fighting wars and <u>I'll</u> show you an idiot.
You've asked why I stay a bachelor. There goes the best reason I know.
I guess Skipper Neilsen re- tired before you enrolled at the Academy didn't he.
But <u>they're</u> not Skipper Neilsen's son. It broke his heart. Then when some newspapers called Carl 'the honest sincere son of a war-mongering father' - Captain Neilsen resigned from the Navy. Oh he still keeps his hand in - playing around with projects like the 'Lungfish' - but it broke him all the same.
A mass of jelly-like stuff came out of the thing and caught our torpedo.
Why do you say that.
Now they feel itdown below.
Under <u>water</u>.
All ready.
Remove your weapons Commander. And come here - alone.
Why.
Well I'll be - .
This is maybe worse than you and I are used to. What I'm talking about I'm talking about murder. Among other things.
Evan Twombley the union boss who got shot. Somebody murdered him.
You don't believe me.
What is the Northcountry Development Association.
No not exactly. I'll look at the divorce decree see if we can get it redrawn. Interview your daughter. Jill right.
Nope. Heard it. We wasn't far apart. I spotted this buck then I heard the gun go off and Twombley was gone. I looked over the little cliff we was using for a stand and there the fucker was deader'n shit. Called it right in.
Lawyer. I don't need no lawyer do I.
Yeah.
Double A. New Britain.
Where'd Twombley get shot.
Yeah.
On your sleeve.
Saw him do it.
There's your old twenty-gauge and that there's the new Browning you was showing me last night. This must be Twombley's gun. Brand new. Very fancy tooling. Probably fired one time. It's a beautiful piece of work. But what the hell Jack I guess you deserve it. Right's right.
Yeah.
To us it was.
Why. Why not. You know these kids from when you went to school here. It hasn't been that long.
No what.
See I knew you'd be mad.
That's all you got to say. Yes.
C'mon we can always sneak a Big Mac. And a cherry turnover. Your favorite. What do you say.
You can't have nothing Jill. We need lunch. Mr. Pizza.
Nothing I guess. I guess I can wait till we get home. Maybe we'll stop by Wickham's for a hamburger when we get to Lawford. That suit you. You always like Wickham's.
Okay.
You're a policeman.
Jill please it's alright. Nothing happened.
I figured you already heard.
Sorry about the long lunch. My clutch is going out again.
He say anything about the summons I tried to give him. Sonofabitch wouldn't accept it.
Did you see that sonofabitch in the BMW. He could've killed somebody.
Lots of people. Guy like Evan Twombley Boston union official probably got lots of people want to see him dead. The Government's been investigating his links with the Mafia.
There's another thing I've been thinking about. I don't know how you feel about the idea Margie because we've never talked about it. But I've been thinking lately I've been thinking we should get married sometime. You and me.
I've been thinking about it that's all.
You've been married twice 
It was to the same woman. I was just a kid It's not like a marriage proposal or anything just a thought. Something for you and me to talk about and think about. You know.
It's broke I guess. There's an electric in the bedroom.
Whitehouse. Next time phone ahead.
Moving violation. I just got out of bed and you're telling me you're giving me a goddamn speeding ticket. Now. Are you nuts. Is that it Whitehouse. You're nuts.
Don't give me a hard time Mr. Gordon. I'm just 
The sign. It looks like it's spelled wrong or something.
Jillie you want a cheese grilled sandwich.
His office. You mean my old office.
Well I guess that's what he said.
Where's Ma.
Why didn't you call and have the furnace fixed.
Love. What the fuck do you know about love.
Bang.
I get to feeling like a whipped dog some days Rolfe and some night I'm going to bite back. I swear it.
Anyone else want one. Rolfe.
I want to let the gas run out. I don't want the bastard driving drunk and he's always drunk now. After we'll hide the keys.
Not particularly.
I remember clearly cause when I heard I became real careful around Pop. I was a careful child and I became a careful adult but at least I wasn't afflicted by that man's violence.
Wade are you alright.
Mom just this once give it a rest.
I know But lotsa times I feel like it's me versus the world. Some kid at school teases me and the same day a plague breaks out in Bangladesh. I mean it doesn't take a genius to figure which is more important.
I don't drink coffee.
Mr. President it's an honor. Now with your permission can we lead you the fuck out of here.
Just stay on my wing sir. I'll take you all the way in.
Sir you threw out page two.
Remarkable aircraft. Remarkable.
How.
Not even close. Hell we can't even make Syria or Iraq.
You don't know the half of it. Did you know this entire plane is shielded from radiation. We could fly through a mushroom cloud completely unharmed if necessary.
And all these rooms here.
Now or he dies please.
Leave my daughter alone.
Yes
Shall I begin by executing the President's daughter. She's right here.
You got what you wanted. You going to release us now.
Over my dead body.
Get `em ready. You come with me.
I'll not going without my family.
How do you know she understands. You haven't spent more than five minutes with her or me in weeks.
Someone should give you a raise.
White House switchboard. How may I direct your call.
Sir the President does not call this particular number. So whoever you are get a life before I have this call traced.
Okay if you're the President when's your wife's birthday.
Thank you for calling the white House
You wanna knock of f.
It's bait. Don't take it.
Sir the Speaker of the House attacked this administration on national television. You can't afford to leave that hanging.
My god. I think that was a MiG.
What's the story.
Yes it did. Mr. Dunn can I ask you a personal question.
But Ted the invitations have already gone out.
Elaine we have to go back.
Simon I'm going to check ROK's secondary readout unit.
Can't we change course.
I don't think we have any alternative Captain.
No more kids yelling 'Your old man's a thieving rapist'.
Okay Joey. The Doc says you gotta relax. This hospital in Des Moines is the best sex clinic in the country.
Joe the insurance policy won't help your wife and kids. You bought auto insurance not life insurance.
Poached <u>and</u> over Captain Oveur. Over.
You're tired Striker overworked. That wiring meets all the safety specifications.
Excuse me are you alright. I noticed you talking to yourself. I'm a nurse. Can I be of some help.
You've been hurt.
People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.
Sure. But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.
Well to tell the truth they really didn't fill me in on many of the details. Just told me to pick up Captain Kramer.
That's right.
A hospital. What is it.
No.
All right. Unless I can get all these people to a hospital quickly I can't even be sure of saving their lives. Now is there anyone else on board who can land this plane.
Look you'll be back in town tomorrow night. We'll have dinner talk it over.
It's the truth. What's hurt you the most is your record since the war. Different cities different jobs and not one of them shows you can accept any real responsibility.
I love you Elaine.
Is it. Because of my mistake six men didn't return from that raid.
I wish I could say the same for George Zipp.
But Ted you're the only
We'd better get back now.
You promise you'll write.
Good-bye darling. I love you. I love you darling.
Oh I can't stand it.
Denver Control this is Flight two-zero- niner intersecting Victor Airway seven- niner-niner.
We are turning left to a heading of zero- niner-niner.
Yes.
Sorry Clarence. Latest weather report shows everything socked in from Salt Lake to Lincoln.
Roger.
There's a little girl on board who's ill and
Excuse me sir. Would you like some coffee before we serve dinner.
Mr. Striker the passengers are ready.
The young woman at the front said you might know where he is.
Yes
The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till but I don't think that's what they were there for. I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands George
Agree to work with me. You don't like me you don't like any of us. You have nothing but contempt for us. And yet you become an outcast from your club of detectives by making me your partner
But I .
Tell me.
Matthew you don't have to .
I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit. How long did it take you to learn English.
Which one is that. Raw what.
I'll bet. Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two.
Ss'loka'. It means literally small but intelligent creature. It loses much in the translation.
They had months in quarantine to develop the plan. Porter with his chemistry background must have somehow come up with the formula for the drug. Hubley manufactured it at the refinery. Strader through the nightclub established a distribution network. And Harcourt
If the drug is here we must destroy it.
No he's not. Not if he overdosed on the drug. Massive amounts trigger a a change. Your body functions seize up you appear to be dead but it's really a state of incubation. When you emerge you're
I never thought I'd say this but for once in my life I think I'm willing to wait for back-up.
We think he could'a been involved yeah. You know him.
Who else can I ask around here.
What.
Does that look at all suspicious to you.
You got your vest.
Hey 'Top.' What's the op.
I've isolated a neuro-muscular toxin responsible for the paralysis. It seems to be metabolizing. He should wake up soon.
That is the question of the hour. We could assume a parallel to certain insect forms who have hivelike organization. An ant of termite colony for example is ruled by a single female a queen which is the source of new eggs.
That's it. See it. Emergency venting.
How long until it blows.
It's going to be closer. You better get going.
You did okay Bishop.
You read my depositionit's complete and accurate.
I get the picture.
If you go. It's a second chance kiddo. And it'll be the best thing in the world for you to face this fear and beat it. You gotta get back on the horse
Yello. Oh Ripley. Hi
You never said anything about an android being here. Why not.
Well I meanI know this is an emotional moment but let's not make snap judgments. Let's move cautiously. First this physical installation had a substantial dollar value attached to it 
This is clearly an important species we're dealing with here. We can't just arbitrarily exterminate them 
Don't make me pull rank Ripley.
Corporal Hicks.
Those specimens are worth millions to the bio-weapons division. Now if you're smart we can both come out of this heroes. Set up for life.
I expected more of you Ripley. I thought you would be smarter than this.
The corner. Ready.
Oh man. And I was gettin' short too. Four more weeks and out. Now I'm gonna buy it on this fuckin' rock. It ain't half fair man.
I don't care how. Think of a way. Think of something.
Fifteen meters.
Terrible.
Well some kids can't handle it like you can.
Gone.
Newt. Newt wake up.
Are we going to sleep now.
Good morning.
And he's been commissioned to write an opera. Is it true.
No.
A Turkish brothel.
Oh. Well perhaps you could introduce us anyway.
Oh - excuse me.
Yes sir that's the truth. But don't blame him. The fault is mine. I was too indulgent with him. But not again. Never again I promise. I implore you - let me bring him back here. I'll make him give his word to serve you faithfully.
And how will you make him keep it.
No Your Grace. I mean with all humility no. I would rather you dismissed me. It's obvious I don't satisfy.
Yes.
Go ahead tell him. Tell them all. They won't understand you anyway.
Do you think that's funny.
No no. Say it backwards shit-wit. Sra-I'm-sick Say it backwards.
No this is serious. Say it backwards.
Well I'm not borrowing any more money from my mother and that's that.
Well don't do that again.
I don't know.
Stanzi-manzi I'll put it in your hand.
Why not.
No. Don't answer it.
Frau Mozart.
How charming. But why did he not come himself.
Would it be too much trouble sir to ask you to look at them now. While I wait.
No sir. This is my own idea.
Tomorrow night I dine with the Emperor. One word from me and the post is his.
How much will you pay him.
Not at all.
What a strange young man.
Just one year.
I think it is an interesting notion to keep Mozart in Vienna Majesty. It should really infuriate the Archbishop beyond measure - if that is your Majesty's intention.
You already commissioned an opera from Mozart.
Majesty I don't like to talk against a fellow musician.
She's very tired poor creature. You know me: I'm a real pig. It's not so easy cleaning up after me.
They say you're in debt.
How many.
You don't have secrets from me.
Why didn't you mention it in your letters.
Thank you. That'll be fine. Don't spend any money on me.
Thank you. Are you well today Fraulein Lorl.
Yes.
Are you Herr Mozart.
Well.
Animals.
I'm serious. You write a proper part for me with a couple of catchy songs I'll guarantee you'll have a triumph- de-luxe. Mind you it'll have to be in German.
Look I asked you if we could start rehearsal next week and you said yes.
I'm afraid I am.
If a man cannot earn he must borrow.
Did you like it then.
Really. Why.
Oh I could kill him. I mean really kill him. I actually threw the entire opera on the fire he made me so angry.
I think you overestimate our dear Viennese my friend. Do you know you didn't even give them a good bang at the end of songs so they knew when to clap.
Would you stay with me while I sleep a little.
Oh. Have I seen it.
What is what.
Kapellmeister Bonno Count Orsini- Rosenberg and Court Composer Salieri.
Mozart -
Sire only opera can do this. In a play if more than one person speaks at the same time it's just noise. No one can understand a word. But with music with music you can have twenty individuals all talking at once and it's not noise - it's a perfect harmony. Isn't that marvelous.
So.
Well.
Of course. The man you accuse yourself of killing.
And do they believe it.
What.
You mean that play.
Bravo Your Majesty.
How sad. It's tragic isn't it. Such a talent.
That lady is back sir.
Oh yes. He's just exhausted. He became dizzy that's all. We should let him rest.
And say everything went wonderfully. A triumph-de-luxe - say that. Tell him the audience shouted his name a hundred times.
I'll call tomorrow.
Yes Doctor.
Did he say a wolf.
Yes sir.
I dream of death mostly.
How old are you.
Twenty-eight.
David. Where on earth have you been
David please be rational. Let's go to Dr. Hirsch.
He's playing a stupid joke sir.
David don't lose control.
Well all right then be that way. Here swallow this.
Take these round now will you please. The American boy in twenty-one is only to have these after he's eaten. Will you be sure of that.
Nothing quite as dramatic as that Miss Price. He just doesn't eat enough of what is put before him. He suffers from nightmares. I'd think he just needs a hand to hold.
Oh all right. There was this airplane over the Atlantic on its way to New York. It was full of men from the United Nations.
Yes but does everyone kill Bambi.
Hello David. I am Dr. Hirsch and this is a countryman of yours Mr. Collins.
Do you think she'll meet me in Rome.
She's a jerk.
You're talking about the woman I love.
We've known Debbie what since the eighth grade. How many years of foreplay is that.
I assume full responsibility.
Nice looking group.
Listen at least it's warm in here.
Ask them what the candles are for.
I don't know. Now that we're out here and it's three degrees I'm not so sure I wouldn't rather face a blood-thirsty mob.
I heard that.
Come on where.
Walk away Jack.
Where are we going.
Debbie Klein cried a lot.
David.
We were attacked by a werewolf.
What.
You're not real.
Yes.
What about the zoo.
Well even if I'm not the wolfman I am crazy enough to do something like that. I mean here I sit in Leicester Square talking to a corpse. I'm glad to see you Jack.
I could hang myself.
Excuse me. Yes.
No.
No thank you.
Tom I never had trouble getting credit from you before. When I was flat broke you gave me all the money I wanted. Now I come to you with a swell deal and the greatest—
Yes - sure—
Where's Matt.
Let me have ten bucks.
I'm fourteen cents out and it took me half an hour to find the mistake. And me with a date too.
And listen wise guy - I'm setting friend time clock for exactly nine o'clock so no squawks out of you guys in the morning.
Say you know I found out something yesterday about hitting a golf ball. You've got to hit with the left hand and from the inside out it's the only way you can hit anything—
Aw they've gone crazy. You can't reason with a mob.
Where were you at twelve o'clock last night.
Oh.
Claims he was there with a married woman. Doesn't want to mention her name.
Being alone with you has always done this to me. You know that.
Here here here now. Don't you go back to work on me too. I'm getting tired of this. Besides it's beginning to affect your looks—
Come on Cyril try a little bit of it out on me. I haven't had any first-class blarney thrown at me since the day I was married.
Now wait a minute wait a minute
Why Cyril you're insane—
Come on up for just a few minutes. We'll have just one drink then we'll go.
This is my business. Mr. Dickson's been like a father to me. What has he ever done to you to deserve a deal like this.
Excuse me—
I'm feeling fine this morning.
Shall we let the people come in.
Nothing. Tom I thought you were going out with me tonight.
Now Tom you simply cannot go to Philadelphia tonight. That's all there is to it.
Yes of course.
Don't you forget that I'm still the head man around here too. Now we'll get the tickets changed for tomorrow night. You and I are going out together. How's that.
Ummm. Stalling eh. Anything new.
Good morning Helen.
Yes.
Helen.
Yes.
Got my letter.
I haven't any.
What's the matter. You don't seem very excited about it.
Aw I'm sorry Mr. Dickson. It's just kind of sudden that's all. Sure I'm excited. I think it's great. Only well you've done so much for me already I'll never be able to thank you enough.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Matt do you realize you're up against something. You're being charged with murder. It's serious son. Now come on I know you didn't do it. But we've got to make them believe it. Come on tell the truth where were you last night.
Were you in Cluett's apartment.
What's the matter. What's going on here. This is ridiculous. You can't hold this boy on a vague suspicion.
Why pick on him .
You were right Mr. Dickson. Brown didn't have anything to do with it. Here's your man.
We can't keep open till four o'clock. We haven't cash enough to last an hour.
Mr. Dickson. Mr. Dickson.
No.
What's keeping you.
What did you find out Mike.
I've been trailing the cashier like you told me. You're right about that guy chief. There's something screwy somewhere.
Now let me see - a half hour after the Dooley sisters - and the Dooley sisters never get home until after—
No - because me clock struck four and when it strikes four it's one.
Then who changed it.
I think I may just go on to the reservation.
It's still taking too long. The people used to snap to.
Bob. I didn't
I'm sorry Cole.
Okay folks I think we know how this is going to go
Listen Jesse we've got a problem. It's Cole.
You're not scared are you.
I've robbed just as many banks as you have. I know this town and I know this bank and I say it's an easy job.
WHAT. We follow you for a year and now that our blood's been spilled you're gonna quit.
Shakespeare. He's European.
Jesse.
Of St. Louis.
Then why can't I go in there.
Oh. Why didn't you just say so.
What do you say sir.
Yesss but I was thinking I could come by and then take Zee out. Some place near. With other folk. Near. Here. But out.
Daddy don't start with this again.
I figure.
You're doing just fine.
 if you stop saying things about my Zee.
What do you want me to say Frank. I was killing men when I was fifteen. I like getting shot at. I like riding out of town with a posse at my back. This is a helluva better life than farming.
We're drunk.
You're a piss-poor liar for the smartest man I know.
every time you tell that story you stop there. That's not how it ended. I was five when my dad got shot.
But he killed a lot of men too.
Can't argue that.
No. I mean of course not. No.
What you do to me is unfair. The teasing I mean.
I was thinking more along the lines of being a river pirate.
Whose justice. Yours or God's. When will you stop.
Hmm.
I beg your pardon.
Let me see that.
You are a hell of a woman.
So I'll get a fair trial in front of a jury bought off by Thaddeus Rains.
I went myself to oversee the operation. Didn't help much.
Discretion. Sir I am a man of the cloth.
Thank you.
I like that.
You okay Jesse.
Really.
And it is my pleasure to be here.
Really.
They exchanged fire with the Pinkerton Guards killing several of them. Then they raided the payroll office and blew the tracks for half a mile.
With my money.
Look at this Pinkerton. They got the payroll and this damage will set construction back two months at least.
It is a nice piece of writing.
I'm losing millions of dollars and months of time while you play chess with these farmers.
I can't believe this.
I demand action.
Dorsia's nice.
It's a plain end see. So.
What are you doing tonight.
That's nice.
You just haven't been looking.
Do you want to come to my apartment or not.
Nothing like last time promise.
So you're looking great how have you been.
Pat this is my cousin Vanden and her boyfriend Stash. He's an artist.
If you really want to do something for me you can stop making this scene right now.
Oh God I can't believe this.
Eggshell with Romalian type. What do you think.
Doesn't he live here.
What exactly do you mean.
Excuse me. I really must he going.
Because I had dinner with Paul Owen twice in Londonjust ten days ago.
I can't believe that Price prefers McDermott's card to mine.
Leaving what.
Where to. Are you going to go get a gram.
We are totally booked.
Okay Jean. I need reservations for three at Camols at twelve-thirty and if not there try Crayons. All right.
Jean.
Anywhere you want.
You didn't give them a name.
Jean do you feelfulfilled. I mean in your life.
Forget it.
I'm looking forI guess you could say I just want to have a meaningful relationship with someone special.
So what do you do.
Weltit depends why.
That'sthat's too bad.
What.
Oh yeah. Oh I get it. Fun with chocolate.
Yeah well oh boy listen I've got to go. Thank you uh Victoria.
Did you know that guy who disappeared. Didn't he work at Pierce & Pierce too. Was he a friend of yours.
Hi. I'm Donald KIMBALL
Where did you go to school.
What kind of man was he. Besides the information you've just given.
It's just strange. One day someone's walking around going to work alive and then
People justdisappear.
Don.
Soyou hang out here a lot.
What.
WellIWaitWhat information have you received.
Listen I'm a little spent for now but how about lunch in a week or so when I've sorted out all this information.
Yes.
I'm so hungry.
Why don't you get another one. Why don't you get another job.
I can'tI can't find a shelter
It'sit'sall right.
Alice. You gotta make him do the start-up with Teddy and me.
You know what he's like. He just wants to work on stuff that's cool.
No way. You have this destiny.
What would it mean anyway. If he didn't write it.
I know you think I'm too attached to him but still. I am close to Gary. And you're the most meaningful person in my life. I'm going back to the Comix place why should I be killing myself.
Don't we have any chopsticks.
'Didn't mention he was going to the Justice Department.
No.
What.
What.
He's pretty tight with his family.
The content filer has t'be written into the media files so bits coming off the satellite can be read by multiplatforms. Really omniplatforms. Including whatever new hardware emerges.
You did this overnight.
Everything I do is under scrutiny. The questions they ask trying to make anything strategic look sordid. I'm confused. Doesn't everybody in business try to get ahead.
Just once. 'Guess I was worried we didn't have anything to talk about since work was off-limits. Non- disclosure.
You've been coming in early.
Wow. You must have 20000 lines of code there
I'm not much good at handwriting. Or parties.
Hasn't affected his work though.
Gary don't worry we 
Keep looking.
You calling Phil and Randy.
You know my name.
That's great. I didn't know.
Why would you do a thing like 
Milo.
I always felt if a boy I liked ever found out he'd run. He'd think I was unclean.
Why were you snooping in my office.
Thank God.
They know I had no choice. Get out of the house now. Do you have a laptop.
Bring it to the other location.
We rented a loft in Sunnyvale. You know what's the bad part. We can't talk about work anymore. We're competitors. The venture capitalists made us sign like 100 confidentiality forms.
What're they building.
There's nothing in this hall. Someone's pulling your chain as usual.
Thank you that's beautiful. To your health.
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question.
Hey how are you.
If you can become famous everyone will have their fifteen minutes of fame man.
Circus folk. Nomads you know. They smell like cabbage.
I think if everyone were honest they'd confess that the lady looks exactly like a man in drag.
Yes Basil.
Are you more satisfied now sexually Austin.
You can't always get what you want. That's a great title for a song. I'm gonna write that and it'll be a big hit.
Yes I am programmed to answer any question.
Dr. Evil do you really expect them to pay.
It seems the tables have turned again Dr. Evil.
OK OK man don't get heavy I'll sign. Just to get things moving baby.
What.
We can't just sit here Austin.
Fancy a nibble.
Not in the Nineties.
Basil was very concerned to know where you were last night.
No. Don't lay your hang-ups on me Vanessa. You're being very trippy.
Actually my name's Austin Powers.
Here have a piece of gum.
No no I want you to have it even if it's my last piece.
No no I want you to have it even if it's my last piece.
No. Log Com Bird Twelve says its metalurg recon analysis is a standard alloy not stealthy not carbon- composite. It does have an odd shape sir.
Commander I have to log it
We could not anticipate feline complications due to the reanimation process&emdash;
Ow. You shot me.
Why don't you just shoot him now. Here I'll get a gun. We'll just shoot him. Bang. Dead. Done.
I have a gun in my room. Give me five seconds I'll come back and blow their brains out.
Don't you want to see what Daddy does for a living.
I had the group liquidated you little shit. They were insolent.
I'm proud of you.
Did you ever
Really.
Of course. Natural weather delivered to your door on demand. Down your phoneline. For limited periods.
Knight 
Nature 
 love 
Then you can't come in.
Your voice it's so familiar 
Then who wins.
For starters. Of course I had to kill the Teddy Bears as well 
But I found you. All the clues led me here 
Of course. I planned that too.
But why.
Destruction of their local weather systems. I can zap a thousand Chernobyls into the air.
Then what's stopping you.
I have no choice. Why should you risk your life.
No thanks.
Any other vices.
I mean your man Trubshaw. Your bullet-proof waistcoat. I thought you were just overdressed.
Either way may I ask: why you dress in that fashion.
Common knowledge Mrs. Peel 
 And by you Mrs. Peel 
Then a mad millionaire. Head of a secret defense establishment. A group of eccentrics obsessed by weather 
I could save you the trouble.
Yes .
You're playing games.
Bad news. Father's looking for you. Where are those bloody ministers.
I'll be back 
Still a bit chilly 
Emma in Wonderland. Welcome Mrs. Peel. We've been expecting you. We hope you'll enjoy your stay with us. Decontamination is almost complete.
Global warming.
We want Mrs. Peel.
I'm Alice. Mother said you'd be on your way. Mrs. Peel with you.
Debbie's marrying Rick.
Does Cole know about this.
What do you mean.
Chulo one thing at a time.
Yeah man he's got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks.
I'm marrying Debbie.
Thanks Dad. Cole go away.
Oh come on just a little.
The best.
Hello.
It's not her mind you need to change. It's Disneyland head in there.
Some fat slob in the next booth is making a lot of noise.
Cole.
Cole we've got to talk.
Cole I'm marrying Rick.
Are you going to have women at your party.
Oh those. Why do you ask.
I can't sleep.
You better not have too much joy.
Ilene are you crazy.
A strange wang right in my palm.
That's it prick lips.
Gary how we doing big stallion.
Guys I think I'd rather stay here.
Mr. Thomerson I
Let me finish. Debbie's an adult. She can do what she wants. But if you want your marriage to last you're going to have to change some things about yourself. If I may make some suggestions
How are we doing. My name is O'Neill. And you are.
Where'd she go.
How'd it go.
Who was that.
What can I do. I'm dead. Debbie's going to go crazy and end the whole thing.
Rick marriage will be good for you. It's done wonders for me.
Maybe I did I don't remember.
It's gonna flash Stevie. We gotta get behind it.
Well look what we have here. Nice costume. Rent it.
Christ Stephen let's wait for the hose team
That's not what it's about Brian. The point is there was a kid in there. And what if there'd been two. I went in because that's what I do. It's my way. It's dad's way. It isn't everybody's way.
You're selling dad's boat.
I hate him so much sometimes Stephen. You don't know how hard it was for me to put that uniform on
Yeah. What have you been up to.
Well if nothing else it's nice to know we can still be friends.
So now you suddenly care about my future.
Arson.
I could use a date.
Okay.
Yeah. And just how much of all this has been doing your job.
Leave Stephen out of this 
I don't have the slightest idea
I'll see ya around huh.
I'm close but I can't get who it is
I don't have a story.
Trychticholorate.
I think we should get something straight here. I was assigned to this office by the city.
During heat episodes of 2000 Kelvin or higher Trych breaks down and dissipates. Will consume magnesium.
What.
Are you going public with this.
Hey boss Dekom Trust is owned by Pan Illinois which is majority controlled by Lakeside Dynamics which is a division of Windy City Ventures who's partners are Alan Seagrave Donald Cosgrove and Jeffrey Holcomb.
Four months.
Oh man I'm sorry.
Every little boy's fantasy.
Brian let me come to the point. I'd like to offer you a job.
Aren't you even curious.
There's no replacement 'cause of your boss' cuts if that's what you mean. If someone else goes out on an injury we're really screwed.
Management were pin heads.
Coffee sucked.
He just wants to 
We gotta roll Stevie
Where's Sean.
He treats you okay.
What's wrong.
He works for me.
Is he a fireman. I like firemen.
You don't know nobody knows
It knows us. This one knows us.
What's to believe.
Who.
You took the chalice.
Are you all right honey.
Me.
I forgive you.
Large.
It's still my money. If you want to have a chance at any part of it shithead you will take my $120000 and bet on tomorrow's game.
What about the money you owe me on yesterday's game.
Hey man. Don't give me that bullshit. Don't pussy-out on me. The Mets are a fucking lock. I wanna make some money.
OK asshole. You owe thirty grand. Now what are you gonna do.
I'm not gonna let that bastard take my money
Take your money. This guy will blow up your house and everyone in it.
You're a fucking joke you know that. He's been waiting for the money since the fucking game ended. And I've been waiting here since forget it. Listen up. You're gonna get us both fucking killed. You know that.
He's gonna kill you man. Do you hear me motherfucker. You. Dead. Get it.
Same thing y'knowwhatI'msayin' y'knowwhatI'msayin'.
Alright. Here we go. Let's go NIGGERS. LET'S GO NIGGERS.
So now I see where you're coming from. Just because we ain't rapping about Gucci Timberland Rolex Benz Cristal ho's and bitches we're pseudo.
Please.
What's your name.
So that's what you been doing.
Don't shoot me I'm just the piano players.
I'm starvin' like Marvin.
You're now Mantan.
I won't do it anymore.
So are you telling me everyone knew about this get-together except you.
I understand. But again in all honesty I was not informed.
I don't agree. The Negro middle class does exist and it's rich material for a dramatic series or sitcom.
Go on. Good so far.
Exactly.
So what. We would just give the NAACP a donation that would be the end of that. No such thing as bad publicity. So what. Earlier you said singing and dancing.
That's exactly my point. Has he even directed actors before in anything.
This has to be a big mistake.
Good woman. I trained her right.
How did you end up here.
So he drank himself into a stuper.
The point being that him the networks don't want Black people on television unless they are buffoons.
You getting cold feet.
You okay.
What would their reaction be. I hadn't the foggiest.
Is that good or bad.
How long have you and Hambone been hangin' out.
That's the way it came out. Let me ask you one question. Have you ever been in want in need your entire privileged life.
Can I kiss you too.
You feel good not nervous.
Mantan we got a show to tape.
Son Peerless is your name. Now you might be one of these Hollywood types change your name and all that but Peerless Dothan is on your birth certificate.
Regardless he still is your father.
Even more reason to see him. He'll be overjoyed with your success.
I'm doing okay. Been reading about your show it's all over everywhere. I watched it's all over everywhere. I watched it once. I thought you said there would be no buffoonery.
Yes I have very hard. Has Daddy called.
Helsinki which is the capital of Finland.
Finland.
Ahhh I never heard of that term before. I thought you were BLACK of African-American. No.
How did you get this gig.
Yes you.
You sing and dance.
A little. I just graduated from NYU film school. Cinema studies.
I think that would probably make you the happiest. When I'm hoofing I mean really doing my thing hitting it nothing compares to that feeling in the world.
Tavis thank you for having me.
Not her the one with the little
Too bad. How 'bout a dress.
that was Vicki her best friend. Dat dress will cast ya round
I heard ya lady is wild.
no she didn't
yes she did.
That's what I like about you and me. We git along
Gots no intention of ending up broke.
What.
Just ask me what you want to know.
Aw c'mon.
Forget about me are you a puppet for DeLa.
Upon my word sir I think you have acted very coolly.
I had news of you in Dublin. Faith you've begun early like your father's son but I think you could not do better than as you have done. But why did you not write home to your poor mother. She has sent half-a-dozen letters to you in Dublin.
There's only six Miss Dugans now poor Dorothy.
The coward.
Your honor must lower his voice.
Perfectly so; and what is more I will tell you that I love her and that I am not of a humor to put up with rivals.
Then you have never loved. Your heart is empty.
Then I will respectfully take leave of her.
You will do as you please. It seems to me that such a matter can hardly be discussed until after people know each other. Do you not agree.
I hate Miss Clancy you know I do. And I only danced with her because because the person with whom I intended to dance chose to be engaged the whole night.
Oh. I can dance with you any day and to dance with your own cousin at a ball as if you could find no other partner. Besides Roderick Captain Best's a man and you are only a boy and you haven't a guinea in the world.
Yes for I wish to entertain splendidly.
Was he cheated.
I have good news for you Mr. Cosgrove. The firm of Bracegirdle and Chatwick in the city of London are prepared to lend you 20000 pounds pledged against your interest in the Edric mines. They will redeem the encumbrances against the property which amount to some 10000 pounds and take a twenty- year working lease on the mines. They will lend you the 20000 pounds against the lease income which they will apply to the loan as it comes in and they will make a charge of 18% per annum interest on the outstanding loan balance.
Provided that they can be assured of her ladyship's freewill. Are you serious.
Yes of course.
Your bother is in America fighting the rebels.
The milkmaid's daughter.
Sir William Cosgrove with his complication of ills was dying before us by inches. He was continually tinkered up by doctors and what with my usual luck he might be restored to health and live I don't know how many years. If Cosgrove would not die where was the use of my pursing his lady. But my fears were to prove groundless for on that very night patient nature would claim her account.
I beg your pardon.
Charming Schuvaloff.
What do we do.
What about you wandering around alone. At least we have an alibi 
Right. Now I'm gonna go get you another donut and you think about whether you want to talk more okay.
That'd be my reaction too 
Is that what I did now. And of course you can prove all of it.
We can prove that you're not Ray Dunbar. Impersonating a fellow Cadet is a court-martial in and of itself 
Ohhhh I don't think so
How do you know that.
Jesus what happened.
So you killed him.
Right.
Oh come on 
That's exactly what he says about you.
You saw West right. How was he killed.
Full clip to the body 
They.
A test will no doubt link you to the killing 
I've done nothing wrong. I'm the victim here.
Levi I don't know if you're familiar with investigative work but we have this little thing called motive and you just gave yourself one.
I don't know 
Been better. I read about what's been happening with you I should have called 
Was dead right. You think Dunbar's on the level.
It was so good I actually forgot you're one of the bigger dogs now. The Base Commander. The one in control. You couldn't let him testify could you.
That's preposterous 
I didn't mean that as a compliment.
Hurricane knocked out our Mainframe so all we have are their dogtags. Cadets Raymond Dunbar and Levi Kendall 
You really want to make banal chit- chat like that now.
You do understand that there's absolutely no way I could ever be attracted to you right.
I plan to grow on you.
Why do you care.
This isn't the time 
Because he'd shot Mueller.
But you didn't see it right.
You and Dunbar got your stories straight. Little details little inconsistencies designed to bounce us back from one of you to the other asking questions killing time until the transport arrives and whisks you away to where Senator Daddy can protect you. You think you're just going to slide out of this. You're an accessory to murder Levi you're going to jail 
Thank God
We all know what you did Pike. I don't know what kind of nigger voodoo you been working in here but 
The fuck are you talking about 
Sign here and here. Hey ain't you the folks workin' on that whole hulabaloo from last night.
You think he did it.
What do you mean. You don't even know me.
I have to leave. Tonight.
You get the eye.
I was dreaming.
You don't need a picture. Just look up handsome in the dictionary.
I can.
You know anyone's who's taken it.
Your mom says I can't tell you that one anymore. You get nightmares.
The Old Lady by the swamp.
Why not religion Dad.
Like this.
Where are we headed.
This is why you don't show work in progress.
Can I ask you a question. Why did you come here today. If you found this deed why didn't you just ask Eddie.
Look I don't know how much you want to know about any of this. You have one image of your father and it would be wrong for me to go and change it. Especially this late in the game.
They met at Auburn.
We swam. The Atlantic it's not that big really.
How is he.
He's impossible. He won't eat. And because he won't eat he gets weaker. And because he's weaker he doesn't want to eat.
Yes.
Josephine and I have a lot in common.
No I don't.
I've been buying you stuff all week. I've been buying him stuff all week.
Those aren't presents. That's normal friendship stuff
It's enough isn't it.
Yes.
That's not a burn.
Leave him.
You must find some glasses small for the toast and some plates.
What did he say.
I need to know who you are first please.
I
You can stay tonight.
He says you scare him so much he must go to the toilet in his trousers. John he is a soldier. A trained killer. We must do what he says.
Oh Jesus.
Yes.
Of course. They go. Yes. Yes.
I don't want to know.
I'm going to be sick. Where's the
You don't want to talk about it.
So. What's it like having to fuck men you hate.
And. What are you saying.
Some What does that mean.
Well it's just that the thought trying to charm up an erection in front of a woman or alone for that matter makes me want to die.
You are throwing me out.
The rest of the world John it's not all like St. Albans.
What.
What.
Except for Small Eyes.
I don't know.
I've got an hour. Can I buy you a coffee.
My name's Sophia.
Thanks.
Just wanted to see.
You take her to a doctor.
This gonna get you in trouble.
This was very sweet of you.
Hey.
Hey. You wasn't at'cha work but that nosey gal up at the counter give me your home address. Hope you don't mind me comin' over.
He black alright he just ain't blue.
Why you stop havin' dancin' on Saturday. Used to have bands all kind's live shit. Like a wake up in here now.
Folks can dance when they want. Didn't buy that mirror ball for nothin'.
That's not right really cuz I
You gonna steal my truck.
It gets worse there. Leavin' me to my own mind. That's just not good.
We leavin' this weekend. Deke got a friend in Mobile gonna get him a job at the water company
That damned rusty radiator bout burned the skin off my legs each time I passed.
Better than what you give.
Boy. You here to make a point or you here to kill somebody.
We drinkin' buddies now.
She got a spare minute she'll snatch up anyone but me I'm different. Sometimes she need the real deal so she call me up. Girl got an itch. You know what's a nigga to do.
Was that Lincoln James I seen run off.
He's fine. Just had a bad fall.
You get a call from Rose.
Man like you ought not take the Lord's name like you just done.
Laz I know about that girl. Good number of this town's sinners got my ear you know. Oh Laz. She's had a mess of crabs and them STD's. What'chu thinking.
I haven't laid a hand. On my life R.L. my wick is dry on this.
That's right.
You could put it that way.
But that's so fuckin' stupid. I'm sorry. Didn't mean to curse.
What's on your mind.
It starts like this fire that spreads. Starts in my head. Then moves to my stomach. Then it goes lower. I can stop it sometimes but mostly I just jump on and ride it out then everything'll go back to normal you know. Only thing ever took that feeling away was was when I met Ronnie. Cuz I love him so much. He's all I got in my life that's special. And I like taking care of him and helping him when he gets nervous. When I can do that for him it's like I'm givin' somethin' of myself that I haven't givin' nobody else.
Hey.
Yeah.
Are you wasted.
Holy shit.
Didn't know you was workin' here now.
I'm workin' here Rae. Can you see that.
I just wanted some make-up.
I just think you should'a kept him off me that's all.
Maybe Cavello's buying a Subaru. How would I know.
Charlie don't do anything. Promise me.
Maybe we should do something.
What are you missing. Riding your motorcycle to the nurse's house. That shit is sadder than Ethiopia.
High spirits desire commitment.
Where do we start looking for this guy.
Where're you going Ichiro.
You must leave.
 A Godfather. His man was killed at the printing plant.
Grab the keys Ich and get inside.
I'm sorry.
Why's that.
Louder pal louder.
Don't be an ass.
What do you chant.
Yeah.
They're blaming it on you. Christ Conklin you didn't even tell me you lost the prisoner.
He killed a police officer.
You had my help detective.
I took Kobo from the street. I gave him a home a future But my ways were too slow for him I served seven years in prison for my boss when I was a young man. Kobo wouldn't serve seven minutes for his Oyabun. He was supposed to take over this syndicate when I retired.
If he won't cooperate.
And what can he do for you.
Because by the second day of incubation any cells that have undergone reversion mutation give rise to revertant colonies like rats leaving a sinking ship. The ship sinks.
What about E.M.S. recombination.
Wouldn't obstruct replication but it does give rise to an error in replication so that the newly formed DNA strand carries a mutation and you're got a virus again but all this is academic you are made as good as we could make you.
I've done some questionable things.
You could help us.
Tyrell could help us Sebastian.
The Tyrell Corporation has a demo model. Check it out on the Voight-Kampff. There's a chance the Nexus-6 is beyond out ability to detect. If that's the case everybody's up shit creek.
Bryant here. Regarding the rundown you requested on job applicants Esper's concluded that the only irregular category that Tyrell's got is the entertainment section. You better get on it.
You start.
Unlike a five they can sustain massive traumas to several parts of the body without debilitating another. Sever a leg and it will perform quicker on the remaining leg than the fastest man can run
But I would like to buy you drink.
Prosit.
You like to kiss her goodbye.
I like you too.
Hey it's okay. I like to pee. So how are you doing.
Yeah.
Your mind kept wandering. That bothered me.
Why didn't you go.
What night.
I didn't know if I wanted to handle her I already got a snake act. But my partner goes down there to the Opera House on suck night to book the good ones.
Lots of places. The tours the clubs the Silicone shows private parties.
It that mother real.
Me.
It's artificial.
Do I make you nervous.
Yeah.
How come you're not on the job.
Yeah.
I don't know I think I missed something.
When was the last time you cleaned this place.
But then how can you
You're sick Deckard.
Have you ever known anybody a long time.
What difference will it make.
What's up.
Go ahead.
No.
You're not responding to the stimulus. I can see right here I'm not getting a reading.
Doesn't make any difference what desert it's completely hypothetical.
You want to go home.
They left.
I'm hungry J.F.
Just better.
I'm Nina Aron Adam.
We want you to come with us so we can talk some more about your experiences.
Maybe we shouldn't fight at all. Fighting is pretty immature.
No. I'm from out of town. I'm here on business.
You're lost.
I just had a mental picture of
Yes I'm right.
If it will make you feel any better I don't have a gun.
I haven't brushed yet.
I knew this would happen. You're like a lost puppy.
Watching television in color.
See ya.
Why doesn't it never work out.
Doing what.
Well another day another dollar. Stop staring at me.
Well this is going to sound a little crazy.
Oh I'm sure it will.
The big one.
Get out.
I told you I've never driven before.
He's a former boyfriend. We lived together for about six months. And yes I'll admit it. I've still kind of got a thing for him. That's what you wanted to know isn't it.
I'm seeingsnow lots of snow. Way up North. Are we getting hot.
He has a computer.
No. We keep it in the backyard. Of course in the house. It's in there.
May I please be excused.
Yes it is. A girlfriend maybe. But a wife. I mean
Do I look crazy.
It was at least as good as the sky.
See. I can't tell them that. I can't ever let them know. It makes their life.well frankly a joke. I can't let that happen. You understand.
They're pretty. Can I have them.
Latin exam Dad. It's Tuesday.
It's Ukrainian. Her grandparents immigrated here.
That's what everybody believes.
Uh I think they have.
Well I hope you like these. Fresh sea urchin wrapped in seaweed. Or nori if you prefer. I love sushi.
When did we get it from them.
Isn't it a little tiring to sit up straight like that.
I'm sorry. I took the Lord's name in vain again didn't I. I'm so sorry.
You bet.
Does that work.
Say what.
He seems to be doing all right now. I don't know if he's had a heart attack or just a horrifying experience. But we need supplies and I've got to stay with him.
Well where are you 
No. Not the police. Don't call them.
Yeah.
The blast. Honey I have survived a host of things. Like the song says: A country boy can survive.
But what if I go into labor. That could happen any time.
Now you listen to me Calvin Webber when this baby comes you're going to be out in the waiting room smoking yourself to death with all the other fathers.
To go up.
Burnt to a crisp. I've given you the most well-done cut.
Oh no.
We looked all over for you. What are you doing back here.
Hi honey.
It's an archaic colloquialism roughly meaninggood.
Oh my. Ohmy oh my oh my. So what do we do now.
Well what do you think.
Just be yourself.
Are you kidding. You wouldn't even be a crumb on her table. You don't see that.
Go to the bathroom.
We did not leave together.
Or have perfect table manners.
He was always so nice. How was I supposed to know that's a good thing. Nice is weird. Nice iswhat is nice. It's not cool. I'll tell you that. Was it ever.
To get some frozen poultry.
Then what.
I can't tell the boys from the girls anymore.
I don't want to talk about it. Everything's okay now. I don't want to talk about it.
Sometimes it helps to talk things over. For instance many marriages are saved by.
Suave. Goddam are you suave you fucker. You want some beer.
You did. A human ear.
Why do you do it.
And that man came out with a third man - this well-dressed guy. Here's the photo. I think a girl named Dorothy Vallens is in trouble with these people. I think Frank has taken her husband and her son.
Well now Jeffrey how did you come to get so involved.
You're all through with this now.
Yes. What is it.
Pest control gotta do your apartment.
GET OUT OF THERE GET OUT Put your hands up on your head. GO ON Get down on your knees - DO IT. What are you doing. Who are you. What's your name. WHAT'S YOUR NAME.
Jeffrey. Jeffrey what.
What. Are you kidding me. Who sent you here.
No. Come on.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Do you like me.
No. What is happening.
I liked being with you last night.
I sure don't hate you.
I'm doing it.
Do you love me.
I asked first.
Sometimes I think I do.
Why are you here. HMMMMMMMM. OK.
Bull.
Look at these. What are these.
Yeah. I guess I did. What's going to happen to me.
I don't want to go.
For good. I can't Mom. Not right in the middle of the term.
It's a real good chocolate cake. Duncan Hines' devil's food. Real good.
Oh yeah.
No. You're not bothering me. You a senior.
I don't really know much but bits and pieces. I hear things. My room is right above my father's office. The ear there's no corpse in the morgue missing an ear and it did come off a living person. That's direct from the Coroner's Office. The person is unknown. There are a couple of cases I get mixed up on but I think there are some people who were brought in for questioning on a murder case that could have something to do with the ear. I heard some of the same names.
Still it must be kinda rough.
I don't know.
I'd like to talk to you about something.
It wouldn't hurt to hear the plan I guess.
I don't know it sounds like a good daydream but actually doing it is too weird. Too dangerous.
First of all we'll have a nice dinner. Try to find out where Dorothy sings.
That sounds good.
I'm going to wait here until she comes.
Okay thanks.
That's for me to know and for you to find out. I'll see you. I mean call you okay.
Well how did it go. What happened.
He got a little jealous.
OK. It's a strange world Sandy. This is what I have found out. What I think I have found out. Dorothy Vallens is married to a man named Don. They have a son. I think the son and the husband have been kidnapped by a man named Frank who has now cut off both of Don's ears. I think he is holding them to make her do things for him. I think she wants to die. The ears were for her a warning to stay alive. There is another man involved. I call him the yellow man. You saw his back the other day in the hall at her door. I don't know what he does but I think he's on drugs supplied by Frank. Frank is a very dangerous man.
That doesn't bother you does it.
Can I give you a kiss good night.
You want to go talk to him.
Shoot.
You didn't tell him about me.
It's good to see you.
Let's wait for some slow one.
Go ahead.
Mike's gotta go. Nice to meet you.
Hey I just
What.
What did you do. Fuckin' what the fuckin' fuck. Who the fuck fucked this fuckin'. fuck. How did you two fuckin' fucks. FUCK
She ain't been around in weeks anyhow.
Aaaww shit. evil woman.
German. Not in our neighborhood man. A hundred percent Irish. No one talks to cops. Period.
I don't know they just always need it.
Where the fuck are you going.
Do not kill do not rape do not steal. These are principles which every man of every faith can embrace.
There are varying degrees of evil. We urge you lesser forms of filth Not to push the bounds and cross over into true corruption into our domain.
Okay just cut off as much fat as you can as it goes by and the rule of thumb here is
And number three Dolly.
The what man.
New hitman wants to leave his mark
That's a possibility. Y'know you Boston cops are perking up. That's two sound theories in one day neither of which deal with abnormally sized men. Another possibility is that they were placed there with religious intent.
What about one guy with two guns.
Brilliant. So now we got a Huge guy theory and Serial crusher theory. Top fucking notch. What's your name.
But he's been havin' himself a nip or two as well Been up the waitress' skirt all night poor girl.
Promise me boys.
This is some heavy shit. This is like Lone Ranger-heavy man. Fuck it. There's so much shit that pisses me off. You guys should recruit 'cause I am sick and fuckin' tired of walkin' down the street waitin' for one of these assholes to get me y'know.
Roc. You okay.
Liberating isn't it.
Well truth be known those first ones just kinda fell into our laps.
Those who do not act are in a constant state of ethical indecision.
You know them personally.
Don't do this my son.
The funny man. Well I got a new job for you just for now. Roc I'm having a real shitty day. I'm depressed. Tell me a funny story or a joke.
Continue the joke.
Tell me a joke funny man. Hee Hee.
Right. The blond guy.
Loop around real fast.
Anthony give me the fucking gun.
What's wrong with him.
Because my mom gets the bill.
I don't want to use it.
Dignan those aren't running shoes.
That's real cool Anthony. Yeah I wore boots. My parents wouldn't buy me any $200 running shoes like yours. I wasn't spoiled.
Inez this is 
She's from Cuba.
This was in fourth grade.
After that my parents never let me go to Dignan's again.
So when you were saying Bob's at the store and acting real surprised that was just an act. You were just 
I understand that if I had a few more friends like you and Bob I'd be dead.
Inez has a master key to all these rooms doesn't she. Doesn't she.
I don't think we can do that.
Look. I'm ready to get the fuck out of here. It's real torture for me to be here. Getting the shit kicked out of me by Mexicans.
Don't panic Anthony.
How much.
That's what she is.
Who's Mr. Henry.
What time did he say to be here.
You could give somebody a concussion.
Yeah. It's pretty good.
I'll try not to hold you back tomorrow.
I don't want to be too much of a liability.
He was a nice guy.
Yeah. As a girl.
Wait for Kumar.
Mr. Henry never gave you a test did he.
You're kidding.
I'm not really sure. I think it's Irish. Or maybe 
I guess what I'm trying to say is what the hell kind of person is this Dignan.
Congratulations. You passed the test.
Can I ask you something Mr. Henry.
I hope not.
I don't know. I personally don't need that shit in my life right now.
I'm not playing any more golf.
Cause I'm not getting any better. It's a waste of time.
You think I'm improving.
It's in the driveway.
No.
Were you born in Mexico.
Like silk.
Uh-uh.
I thought your parents were in Italy.
That never would of 
If it's that easy why doesn't everybody grow them.
The guy is fucking insane.
I think we might of scared her.
What are you doing.
How long has he been in there.
What do you mean get back.
I'm going back.
It's not your decision and he's not your brother Dignan.
Dignan.
Come on in. What you been up to.
Come on.
The elevator broke.
You keeping out of trouble.
And what does that cover.
Social issues. Crime prevention.
Dignan. Good to see you. Good to see you Applejack. Who are you.
No. Me no Hoto. Tecate.
It's locked.
John Mapplethorpe. How are you. Hi.
She's done everything I wanted. She bit on Conklin so fast it was laughable. She even found his bogus Swiss account
Neski was a roadblock. Without me there's no company no fortune. You owe me Uri. One last push.
Treadstone.
Let's talk about Conklin.
What happened. Jason Bourne happened. You've got the files. Then let's cut the crap. It went wrong. Conklin had these guys wound so tight they were bound to snap. Bourne was his number one guy went out to work screwed the op and never came back. Conklin couldn't fix it couldn't find Bourne couldn't adjust. It all went sideways. Finally there were no options left.
At the time of his death Conklin was sitting on a personal account in the amount of seven-hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
She say what time I should call.
I did my box work but I wanted to show you before I showed Landy. I came out here last night because none of this was making any sense. I mean I'm with you on this Conklin was a nut but a traitor. I just can't get there.
But it ends up the same.
Where 
I don't want to move again I like it here.
Switch. You drive.
Jesus.  is he back there. 
 it's just him. 
But you found another choice.
God I miss you. I don't know what to do without you.
You hear me. I believed you.
What is this a game.
You left a print. There was Kel that didn't go off. There was a partial print they tracked it back to Treadstone. They know it's you.
Please I'm only here because of Paris because they can't figure out what you're doing I'm here because of Abbott 
Abbott.
What do you want.
What's that.
You didn't answer my question.
We need to get in there.
Maybe he just needed a place to spend the night.
What.
Is it fresh.
If I pay homage to another's throne then how am I a king.
Longshanks promised.
Is it true. Wallace is captured.
I have come to beg for the life of William Wallace.
Rest William.
Treason. Against whom.
I'm not just saying it.
I need you so much. I love you.
It's battle I want not talk.
M'lady what kindness of you to visit a stranger.
I'm no coward. I want what you want. But we need the nobles.
We can't stop.
Thank you for showing it to me first. I'll I'll take care of it. Can I have the picture.
Come on I doubt the answer's that simple.
It's worth a shot. I can arrange a controlled meeting. A careful dose of sedatives for Jason some security you and I monitoring. Evan comes in for a quick visit and with any luck no more missing father complex.
We're gonna be late again.
You know the answer to that.
All the dads are gonna be there.
What happened.
I couldn't tell if they were real memories or just phantoms. You know he might only have thought he actually remembered them
What did you see. What did it look like.
Books.
What the fuck are you doing.
God Evan. I never thought I'd see you again. How've you been.
No. I emancipated myself when I was fifteen.
Actually Kayleigh the reason I came back to town was to talk to you.
It's just did he what happened in the basement.
I don't understand where are you taking me.
I can't put my finger on it but everything's a bit off. Even the dinner tonight. It was beautiful but
What's happened to you.
I'm the only person you've told. That's a great line. Does that make other girls swoon. Do they actually eat up this bullshit.
Know what.
Well a lot of things cross my mind. I've always been a fast thinker Ev. I can play out the movie of our entire lives in under a second. Boom we fall in love get married two kids your keen analytical insight matched to my generous nature kids grow old as do we relatively stable relationships matching burial plots the whole bit. It took a lot longer to spit out than to imagine.
Then you think it might have worked out.
What's happened to How are you doing that.
Oh fine I guess. It's been kind of crazy lately with my mom coming up so I haven't
Yeah good what else do you remember.
How did you get in here. You're under age.
Oh he's just like any other man only more so.
I thought so. Where's your husband.
So you decided to go to America.
And he is still willing to give you a visa.
Such a bargain. But that is your decision.
I will. Then I am going to the meeting of the 
Yes I come.
Here you are.
I'd better be going.
Hello Rick.
It's not for sale at any price.
So could I. And I'm a poor businessman.
I have a proposition for whoever has those letters. I will handle the entire transaction get rid of the letters take all the risk for a small percentage.
Shall we draw up the papers or is our handshake good enough.
Yes something.
Yes.
I'm sorry for asking. I forgot we said no questions.
Why did you come back. To tell me why you ran out on me at the railway station.
Yes.
I don't think I will Rick.
Richard I had to see you.
Put them on the table.
Now. I don't know. I know that I'll never have the strength to leave you again.
Yes ma'am. A lot of water under the bridge.
Please Ilsa don't be hasty.
Don't you sometimes wonder if it's worth all this. I mean what you're fighting for.
We might as well question why we breathe. If we stop breathing we'll die. If we stop fighting our enemies the world will die.
No Captain please.
Ilsa I don't wish to be the one to say it but it's late.
Yes.
Unoccupied France welcomes you to Casablanca.
Well personally Major I will take what comes.
Why do you stand here. Why don't you stop him.
Hello Louis.
The plane to Lisbon. You would like to be on it.
My health. I came to Casablanca for the waters.
I just paid out twenty. I'd like to get it back.
Done. No matter how clever he is he still needs an exit visa or I should say two.
Well Ricky. I'm very pleased with you. Now you're beginning to live like a Frenchman.
Well I told Strasser he wouldn't find the letters here. But I told my men to be especially destructive. You know how that impresses Germans. Rick have you got these letters of transit.
Ricky I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca who has even less scruples than I.
I have the letters right here.
Maybe but it seemed like a good time to start.
Uh huh.
Aha. Who do you think will win the war.
Shut up and go home will you.
What's that you're playing.
You played it for her and you can play it for me.
Six kilometers. Four miles.
Can't. Need water.
You've had today's water.
If they can't see you what's the point.
You're beautiful. Marry me.
They're never going to see you. You're just another piece of trash in the ocean.
They're on autopilot.
Possible. So you did those wings.
I can't believe this. I I They are You're a gifted artist. You're into something very powerful. Primal. Truly.
Well not really I 
No. that was the last one.
Had a package to deliver.
Sonofabitch.
Your eyes are puffy. Did you take Valium again.
What do you want me to say. That I thought I'd done a great job but it all turned to shit. That I might as well have gone sailing for all the good I did.
Why didn't you come over get mad at me tell me what a stupid bitch I was.
Chuck you're breaking my heart.
A week max. Okay. Okay.
I most definitely say I am.
Hey once a driver always a driver. You want a lift. I've just got one more pickup.
Bless us O Lord and these thy gifts which we are about to receive from thou bounty through Christ the Lord. Amen.
But chickens.
Come on down to the plant. It's state of the art. We're doing for chickens what FedEx did for the delivery business.
Mom this is a farm. We've got real strawberries growing outside we've got real cream.
Trying.
What about the sender.
But I might not have.
It's me.
I need to do it.
Only if you can afford it.
I was dreaming about you. How beautiful you were.
You weren't dreaming about me.
Oh just stop it. You knew this was going to happen. He's a young man.
He is a goddamn psychiatristof *course* he wants to help. He'd be happy if he could help *commit* me.
Wilbur he picked them for us himself
You cook very well.
And that I can drive a truck.
I've never seen a lobster.
I know.
You have to come to my dad's lobster pound and see one then.
That's what *I'd* come here for. I'd watch the movie.
No. That's not all there is to it. I love you tooI *know* I do.
I can't go nowhere.
He thinks people *like* to get whacked by branches.
Nobody's asked for me have they.
*Liver* killed him.
Uh it's the end of October.
It looks like you bit itit'll be all right.
They wouldn't take me. I'm Class IV I've got a heart defect.
Has anyone offered you anything to eat.
Burma run because you fly over Burma
Uh I'm shipping out sooner than I thought. I just wanted to be sure you were settled inand happy enough considering Are you bored stiff. Or can you stick it out for a bit.
This is easyI'm not hurrying.
Where'd she get you.
Let me hear you say that. I so unhappy she runned away that I killed myself that what happen here ain't that right.
I don't know it.
I haven't read that.
Can't a boy be a Dorrit.
I think Wally will be fine Mrs. Worthingtonhe seems indestructible to me.
You ain't gettin' in no trouble I hope.
You okay Rose.
Don't trouble yourself about it Homerthis ain't your business.
*Happy*. What are you thinkin'. How am I supposed to take care of a baby. I can't have a baby.
I fail to see how someone courageous enough to make a commitment to a foreign mission is automatically to be dismissedthat part of the world requires precisely the kind of dedication that is needed here.
You can't think that a man who has *served* under such conditions as exist over there will be in the slightest daunted by a little *snow* have you no idea how harsh and primitive and full of *disease* that part of the world is.
You all take care of yourself too Homer.
It look nicer then home.
Now now darlin' Jack just needs to know what business he's in.
Where do you think you're going.
So we've been meeting with banks all day. It's amazing how many ways they can say no without ever using the word.
Don't tell me you started a tech firm here before us.
Oh. Well thanks for the drink.
Here's where a little research comes in handy. Corporate banks give out VP titles like calendars. It's a small lie but now we're sure he's playing.
Hey Jake When am I gonna get to play the Inside.
But there were other factors.
You're a superstitious fucker.
Oh Jake. You disappoint me. And you just let Lily here down again. What was it you said about playing the big con.
Ten is standard sir.
Independent. Same shit just independent. They call him the King Pin because he looks like that guy from the comic book Big. Fat. Bald.
So what. We hide right.
You're pissed we didn't get credit.
Seems Lionel Dolby came down with a sudden case of drowning last night. They just pulled him out of the East River.
Calls.
So that's it
Jake. You can call me Jake. Here and there.
Honest mistake. Just give me the money back and all will be forgiven.
No thanks. I'm good.
I can't be here. You understand. I can't 
We had to see what your deal was. I'm just a little superstitious.
Uh Everything okay.
He's gone.
I gotta go get a haircut.
You just put a mother of a jinx on us.
Lighten up.
I think you'd do it for free. You're almost drooling. You like the rush.
Are you asking me if I have something to prove.
Did uh Did you kill him.
So there it is. You got that big itch you need to scratch. It's all about the fucking money. What do you want an apology.
What do you get Lily. Finder's Fee. Because it is all about the money right.
Then shut up.
Stop waving that thing around.
I was supposed to meet him for breakfast. He likes that new IHOP they just opened you know He likes to order that thing. The Rutti- Tutti-Fresh and Fruity thing they got.
Uh
It never worked before because A they didn't flush the bank enough; B their corporate papers were for shit; C they didn't have someone on the inside with Customs.
Do you have a ticket.
I'm sorry.
My fucking heart bleeds.
He's wheeling around two million dollars in cash and he wants to stop to use the bathroom. You believe this.
Egg Foo Young. Stand up.
What.
I got it figured out He's got this thing with bathrooms. If he makes it through Customs he'll be heading for the john.
Who.
My car's in the garage.
I've been watching you work. You're the best in the place. But you know that.
I despise the job.
What.
Hi-ya I'll call you back. Now then
Right. Look I must get back to Habib.
Jack look next weekend I'm having a house party. Here It's near Oxford. Why don't you come. It'll just be social. No business. Bring a friend. I've plenty of room.
I'll try and make it.
I found her in bed with someone.
I get it.
She had to leave early. She asked me to thank you.
I couldn't resist them.
Come on Marion. Let's face the truth. Nobody's going to publish it.
How did you land that.
There's no third thing. Don't be superstitious.
Is that your idea of a winner. He doesn't give a shit about anyone. He uses people and 
I hope it brings you luck.
Gambling's not about money.
Really.
Nothing about you.
I want to buy a car.
The debts.
What happened.
I'm in trouble.
I know that. But you can now.
Forget it Jani. It'll never work.
How much do you owe.
Yes.
It doesn't seem fair. You're offering me ten grand in cash but you can't afford a decent place.
I'm a witch. A white witch. Why don't we move on.
I'm off to a little watering hole. Why don't you join me. Relax.
That Greek guy who won at the end. You paid him out in 25s not 20s.
Who are these guys.
There are three types of casino in the U.K. High volume. Small faction. And MOTR. That's middle of the road. Us.
Haven't you forgotten something.
You want me to check.
How.
You can start Monday week.
The key.
What was that I didn't hear
Pinback I have a computer reading of nine five seven seven.
Well I show a 95% probability of sentient life in the Horsehead Nebula
But you can't explode in the bomb bay. It's foolish. You'll kill us all. There's no reason for it.
Are you willing to entertain a few concepts.
But how do you know you exist.
Intuition is no proof. What concrete evidence do you have of your own existence.
That's good. Very good. Now then how do you know that anything else exists.
My sensory apparatus reveals it to me.
What I'm getting at is this: the only experience that is directly available to you is your sensory data. And this data is merely a stream of electrical impulses which stimulate your computing center.
I recall distinctly the detonation order. My memory is good on matters like these.
Which one.
Any of 'em any good.
The new star. What are you gonna name it.
Fred.
Veil nebula.
 automatic channels open 
Yeah Doolittle. What's up.
You know Talby you really ought to eat with the rest of us. You spend too much time up here.
The waves at Malibu and Zuma were fantastic in the springs Talby. I can remember running out on the beach early spring mornings with my board and a wet suit
Ah Lieutenant Doolittle. Sir.
I'm glad you've come to talk with me Doolittle. It's been so long since anyone has come to talk with me.
Doolittle you must tell me one thing.
Ah so many malfunctions why don't you have anything nice to tell me when you activate me. Oh well did you try the azimuth clutch.
Negative effect.
Sorry.
We're running out of time sir.
But see tonight wives and girlfriends aren't invited.
No.
Same old story. Not interested.
I'll give you seventy-five bucks for it.
I know.
Original Cindy say hi to my good friend
Girlfriend.
Me. You're the one who tried to rip off this piece.
Look if I made you nervous or uncomfortable or creeped you out
I haven't been able to get you off my mind.
How well do you remember the lab.
Your basic hodge-podge.
You're a soldier Max. That's what you were put here for. But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up.
I would've come sooner butI didn't How're you doin'.
You are involved. By being alive you're involved.
Civilization as we know it is unraveling before our eyes. But Logan and Max with a song in their hearts are gonna march into battle to keep that from happening.
None.
I think you should go now.
What about the other kids. You get anything on them.
Caught some son-of-a-bitch stealing my bike. Used a car jack to blow out my U lock and bent a bunch of spokes. So now I gotta get my wheels fixed.
Unlikely.
And because I actually kinda feel sorry for guys sometimes.
Besides think of the drama I'm sparing Natalie.
Not right now.
I actually know how this works.
And she bought that.
Quitting time. Grab a cold one.
Hey Sketchy
Exactly.
a philandering pig.
That was extreme. Did you see that one guy
For a change.
What about this.
Huh.
We've got to take this slow
Coming dad. I'll call you. Soon as we get a phone. Bye.
Oh great. I just hitched a ride with a bunch of potheads I'm hooking up with some people at this funky place in downtown Detroit called Disco Inferno. Mind droppin' me there.
Well the least we his only buds in the world can do is take him along with us tonight and give him one last curl before he starts serving his sentence.
What's in Sandusky.
Yeah she gives you shit and you take it.
Now how are we gonna do this.
Here's a suggestion. Let's stop worrying about the concert for the time being and get the cops in on this Volvo situation.
I mean my mom's got insurance. What's the worst thing she could do. Ground me for the entire year. I can handle that
Four dudes sneaking in. We'd get busted fer sure. Bad plan.
Dude if it were dancing the way Fred Astaire did it I'd give it my best shot. I'd learn the steps and practice in my spare time. But this tribal ritualistic bullshit it's way-too-spontaneous for me.
The KISS tickets you nimrod. They're just fuckin' gone. Please tell me you have'm.
All right. After school we double- time it to your house for the tix before heading to the train station for the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City.
If he offers you a slice you're not the least bit hungry check.
Don't you think we should at least pull over and offer to clean it off.
I got
But my plan involves all four of us acting together.
You're going to be late if you don't hurry up and change soon.
If I'm anything like you I'll deserve him.
Well. Continue. Continue.
But we took the keys.
Don't try to run maggot. Chongo's an all-state track star in every event.
So according to Hawking wormholes might be able to provide a short cut for jumping between two distant regions of space-time.
So in order to travel back in time you'd have to have a big spaceship or something that can travel faster than the speed of light 
Like a spear that comes out of your stomach.
If you could see your path or channel growing out of your stomach you could see into the future. And that's a form of time travel right.
I didn't say shit.
I am so sorry.
How much longer is this gonna last.
Oh I have those too. What kind of problems does your dad have.
I'm sorry. I was in jail once. I accidentally burned down this house. It was abandoned. I got held back in school again. Can't drive until I'm eighteen. I think when I grow up I want to be a painter. Or maybe a writer or maybe both. Then I'll write a book and draw the illustrations like a comic book. You know change things.
You mean soap.
Wonder where we'll be then.
So when you sleepwalk can you remember afterward. Like do you dream.
It's like this big force that's in your brain. But sometimes it grows bigger and it spread down into your arms and legs and it just sends you someplace.
With like images.
And what.
We're moving through time.
How does it feel to have a wacko for a son.
Is the death of one species less tragic than another.
What do I tell the rest of the class when they ask about you.
Have you told Gretchen about the spears.
People get hurt.
But it was an accident. The house was under construction.
Then how is time travel possible.
Where is he Donald.
I think you are afraid to ask me for advice. I think that you are a very troubled confused young man. I think you're searching for answers in all the wrong places.
Thank you for seeing us We just felt that it was time to discuss
How did you know 
It is a big deal.
Do you even know who Graham Greene is.
Oh Kitty I don't know. This is so last-minute Eddie is in New York
Wicked.
We got eggs water balloons and a dozen rolls of toilet paper.
Hell-no she ain't quittin'.
Once a carnie always a carnie.
Really Loretta.
Amber
If you're gettin' at somethin' you better just say it.
If you want seconds then I'll make sure it's hot enough for ya.
So anyone talk to Janelle.
I know it doesn't matter but on my inner thighs.
I know.
Oh naw. Hi.
Well excuse me Annette but I'm braggin' up your kid here. Amber's gonna be the next Diane Sawyer y'know
Go on home Loretta. Come on. Go on the party's over.
Dakota.
Ohio
What.
What a surprise. Gladys Leeman's finally gonna go to State. And she'll probably ride on Becky's ass all the way to Nationals too.
Iris stop. It's not his fault. The communal wine just proves too temptin' for some of them.
Are we on Cops. Are we on Cops. Are we on Cops.
Close up shop. Close up shop Hank.
I want to have the big bag of little donuts.
No. We not like to hear it. Go to your room and shut up.
Of course you're All aware a king must have an heir some one to pass the family name along will some one tell me where I'd ever get an heir if a king can do no wrong
The king can do to wrong.
My dear President
My President
Who to.
In her dressing room. Why what could he be doing there.
What's the matter with you.
'At's-a no good. I went to Niagara Falls once.
That's a-no good. If I apologize we no got a war. Look I send you a scrap of paper. You send me a scrap of paper and we have a scrap.
You're lucky I don't slap your face you oughtta be ashamed of yourself. Where did you hear that story.
By the way are you sure we need a spy.
You no gotta no gun.
That's funny we've got five thousand horses but no men.
That's-a pretty good. I'll take a dozen of them.
Fine - keep on yelling - Do everything you can to disturb Firefly - Now what about your cousin.
If chewing gum is chewed The chewer is pursued And in the hoosegow hidden
Oh Your Excellency isn't there something I can do.
I bring you the greetings of my President and the good will of my people.
Bah.
Ambassador. I am so anxious for you to meet our new dictator.
Frederick why are you so interested in this particular case.
You stay with me.
Hmmm.
Oh that's absurd Frederick. No no Frederick that's all wrong. John is happier and more fulfilled now than he has ever been in his entire life. And that is completely due to you.
Like this.
I like doing business with you. You and I understand each other completely. I know I can trust you. Can't I.
I want my man back.
He's still very sick. Please come downstairs with me. I'll explain the situation.
Three quarters of an hour.
Abominable things these machines. One can't reason with them.
What say you fair one. That the tongues of men are full of deceits.
Have not saints lips and holy palmers too.
I'm very grateful to you Mrs. Kendal. This is just the thing to help him forget his ordeal. John will be very excited.
You alright.
Of course. You want out.
Oh no my friend
Oh yes.
Good morning Mr. Merrick.
But it's so good I mean it's so very good.
Thank you very much.
Yes.
Hello
John Merrick.
Merrick
Why my dear Mrs. Mothershead how good of you to join us. Mr. Merrick will you please introduce yourself.
Mr. Merrick likes the food here. Don't you John.
This is my new home.
Ohhh
Would you would you like to see my mother.
Your mother.
You want a dressing bag John.
my home.
I've heard.
Parrots can do as much Mr. Treves. It's all very nice but I don't see the point. You know they won't let him stay here.
Now Mothershead you have to understand that this is very good for John. He relishes contact with people outside the hospital
Aren't you being just a little harsh Mothershead. You yourself hardly treated John with much loving kindness when he first arrived.
A dressing bag.
A dressing bag.
Pardon me.
Ah. So you admit there IS someone.
Yes.
Have you ever felt like this about anyone else.
No I mean have you ever felt that for the first time in your life you'd met somebody you could believe in with your whole heart someone whose goals suddenly seem to be YOUR goals whose dreams seem to be YOUR dreams.
But you LOVED her all the same
The Cloak Invisible. It was my mother's parting gift.
No. No. We are in the spell of the Horn. Hatred will destroy us.
Do you believe I love you.
There is something I must ask the Gods
Well OBVIOUSLY there's no killing.
Careful. They're not supposed to hurt you.
Shut up.
You don't love ME.
I'll kill you if you say anything about this to anyone.
Why. Why have you got to go round killing and looting.
What's the point of being dead in the land of the living.
Slower. Nobody can row at that speed.
Listen. Maybe we won't get to Hy- Brasil. Maybe we won't find the Horn Resounding but at least we've tried and at least we shall have died like men.
Look I bagged it last week.
I came to find my grandfather.
Well. Come on.
Get away Snorri.
Oh I couldn't do that. The Blacksmith's Code says
Can't make enough swords.
Sh. Hurry.
YOU do it.
You went berserk
But it's a responsibility
And don't forget: never let your enemy get behind you.
You weren't supposed to see that.
I hope you feel better sweetie.
This is the night you met Clementine Joel. I remember watching you walk down the beach with her and I thought oh shit.
Who was the girl you walked off with.
How are you today.
Yeah. Tom Waits says it in 
Exactly. Tom Waits. Which song.
Purple Haze Pink Eraser.
You think that could possibly be a full time job. How many hair colors could there be.
I'm sure you would.
Oh I doubt that's the case.
My embarrassing admission is I really like that you're nice. Right now anyway. I can't tell from one moment to the next what I'm going to like. But right now I'm glad you said that's okay to me. That was nice of you.
No that's okay. Thanks though.
It's okay.
Yeah. I can't remember that album very well. I remember liking it. But 
The song's 9th and Hennepin. I spent most of the train ride trying to remember. Till you're full of rag water and bitters and blue ruin/And you spill out/Over the side to anyone who'll listen. Remember.
Very much.
It's pretty.
Me neither. But sometimes I have premonitions so I don't know. Maybe that's just coincidence. Right. Y'know you think something and then it happens or you think a word and then someone says it. Y'know.
Like I wanted to talk to you. I didn't need any more reason to do it. Who knows what bigger cosmic reason might exist.
No not at all.
That made me cry. But anyway we went up to Boston because I had this urge to lie on my back on the Charles River. It gets frozen this time of year.
I don't believe in that soulmate crap anymore but he says so many great things. We like the same writers. This writer Stephen Dixon he turned me on to. And he's cute. It's fucked up. Joel you should come up to the Charles with me sometime.
Okay.
I have to get up early in the morning tomorrow so
You can't fucking say something like that and say you don't want to talk about it.
No.
Yes indeed. Fuck. They're erasing you Clem.
I'm scared. I want my mommy. I don't want to lose you. I don't want to lose
There's this guy.
He stole a pair of your panties while you were being erased.
Don't call me Antoine. My name is Wally.
They found us before. The plan didn't work. I don't know what to do now.
Look at you cutey. What are we doing.
I want to enjoy my little time left with you.
I know.
yeah.
Me too. There's this poem 
Did this conversation come before or after we saw the house.
I knew by your nervousness that Naomi wasn't the kind of girl who forced you to criminally trespass.
I did. I walked out the door. I felt like I was a scared little kid. I thought you knew that about me. I ran back to the bonfire trying to outrun my humiliation. You said so go with such disdain.
I walked out the door. There's no more memory.
I sort of do. But I only see it as a fantasy version of reality. Cleaned up enough to be erotic.
Hmmm. Do you miss me.
I don't know. Panties and 
Hi.
Okay. I wish you could come.
We can help you through this. Why don't you start now by telling me everything you can remember about your relationship with Clementine.
Yours.
No. I just need some space maybe.
You didn't miss much. Rob and Carrie say hello.
So you don't mind.
Say hi to Rob and Carrie. Have some fun.
I hope you get your work done.
Well it was my fault the break- up. I'm sorry.
Oh hey Patrick.
Yup.
It's not erasing. He's off the screen.
Well what should we do.
You better go.
How did I look.
I won't allow it. Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. What do you think of that. That's from my quote book.
Okay we're back in.
That was beautiful to watch Howard. Like a surgeon or a concert pianist.
Yes shit. Oops sorry. Sorry. It's just I told myself I wasn't going to say Pope Alexander and sound like a dope and then I go ahead and do it. Like I psyched myself out.
Really. I thought it was appropriate maybe. That's all. I really admire the work that you do. I know it's not proper to be so familiar but I guess since we're outside the workplace I feel a certain liberty to 
It's fine Mary. I'm happy to hear it.
Do you love me. Did you love me. Something. I listened to my tape. I can't believe I've been sitting right in front of it for a year. It's like listening to someone else's story. I mean I hear myself talking about having sex with you and I can't even imagine you naked. I can't even say naked to you.
Jesus. All right what's the address.
Ah your journal. This will be invaluable.
I tried that already.
I think he's in a conference. Unfortunately. I'm really sorry.
It's an apartment.
Did I tell you I have a new girlfriend.
She was unconscious Patrick.
Clockworks.
The Clockworks is one reason that I am here on Siwash Ridge. I accepted the invitation to be initiated as a shaman by an aged Siwash chief who was the principle outside confederate of the Clock People.
Well if the Clock People give you any inside information on the end of the world drop us a postcard.
I know but where do you reside when you aren't visiting New York.
Er you seem to know who I am and maybe even what I am. Thanks for the breakfast.
No I'm afraid that part isn't true. Jack was in awe of me and tracked me down. We spent a night talking and hugging in a corn field but he was hardly my lover. Besides I always travel alone.
Did that last comment sound too profound to be coming outta my mouth. It's not original. It's something I picked up from the Chink.
Really. The Chink huh. I've gathered that you sometimes speak with him. What else have you learned from the Chink.
So be it. It looks serious this time though. All these guns are you actually prepared to kill and die for whooping cranes.
If we Ivy Leaguers aren't earthy enough to suit you hillbillies at least we don't go around indulging in racist terms such as 'Chink.' Next thing I know you'll be calling me 'chief.'
What are you doing.
But I don't want you to leave. Please stay. We can go to dinner. I owe you a dinner. And tonight we can really make love.
Why. Why do you have to go.
So now you're bummin' around.
Tired
A born freak can only go uphill.
Your ranch.
The Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday female deodorant sprays may cause such harmful reactions as blisters burns and rashes. Although the FDA judges that the reported reactions are not sufficient to justify removal of these products from the market they are sufficient to warrant the proposed mandatory label warnings.
Okay listen up. As you all know by now we have an addition to our crew. Dr. Weir this is: Starck navigation; Smith pilot Justin ship's engineer 
Coop where are you
You been out there a long time. Trying to break my record.
It's holding She's holding.
No he didn't.
How. The Bridge is gone.
There must be a way. What about Engineering.
To conserve our oxygen we should severely restrict our activity. Anyone who can should get some sleep.
DJ. The Clark's gone. Smith and Cooper are dead.
I've got a pulse he's alive
It's not that simple. Lyle play the recording for Dr. Weir.
Justin finish your sweep.
Dr. Weir you have no experience with salvage procedures.
I can understand your desire to redeem your reputation Dr. Weir but it doesn't factor into this.
The ship had life support systems for eighteen months. They're been gone seven years.
Just loading the last of the CO2 scrubbers. Good for four months.
Peters is right no one's here.
Captain Miller I just want to say
Doctor Weir my crew is not going on your mission because we want to. We were pulled off a well deserved leave to be sent out to the middle of nowhere and no one's even told us why.
to rescue the crew and salvage the ship. The crew is dead Dr. Weir. This ship killed them. And now it's killing us.
What about my ship.
Then who the fuck are you.
There is no Devil. There is no God. There is only NOTHING.
I don't like it either but you know the rules: we get the call we go. Is the course locked in.
Heading three-three-four
But
Something's wrong with the bio-scan.
I don't know but whatever it is it's not the crew.
Who.
To what. What are you saying. This ship is alive.
He's awake he's in the airlock he's not wearing a suit.
He's engaged the override.
We have to do something oh God
What the hell is that.
The scope is lit it's right in front of us
What is it.
Those yours too.
Oh he did.
Soon as I'm back I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock.
They crashed it into a wall. A flight simulator.
I don't know. I just keep going over and over the numbers.
Glad nothing could take you away from your work.
'Course not. Strictly business.
No more cracks about how I look.
My shift ends at four but I couldn't 
Victor's right. Johnny get to the command center. Close the shields.
This is wrong in so many ways.
Apparently I can disappear.
Front page.
What. What do you mean you 
Sue. Your clothes. Lose them.
Anger. Rage. Frustration.
Reed. I was ready for the next step you weren't ergo I walked.
You were.
But dreams don't pay the bills do they. Same old Reed the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars with the world on your back.
Victor I'm sorry I 
Please don't make this personal 
Reed's gonna fix me up 
Brad can I talk to you a minute.
Go ahead. Just make it quick.
On the ledge.
Everyone wants to know where Lisa is. How should I know where Lisa is. What am I gonna do. Now my little sister goes to the same high school. The party's over. So who do you have first period.
U.S. History. Mr. Hand.
Your friends use the pool too.
I take out the garbage.
You're going to break up with Lisa aren't you.
Why.
You're not going to tell me are you.
Did you threaten this man or use profanity in any way.
Dad says you have to get up.
Dad says you're late again you butthole.
I don't know.
Listen. I feel pretty strange here. Because Mark really likes you and he's my friend.
Take that back.
What do you mean wuss. This girl is my exact type. It's her. Definitely her.
She's in my biology class.
No. It's too soon.
Hey Mark. Is that you.
No. I don't think so. Not right now.
And you can only tell it's the right girl if you're sensitive.
I hear you brought a film clip with you. Do you want to set it up for us.
Hey slow down. This is my brother's car.
Suzanne Somers' tits.
Will you just relax mon. He's not gonna kill us. My father is a television repairman. He's got all kinds of tools. I can fix-this car.
Yeah but I fucked up. You can take it. Really.
Stacy what are you waiting for. You're fifteen. I did it when I was thirteen. It's no huge thing. It's just sex. If you don't one of the other girls will.
Doug sees beyond that stuff to what the person inside is like. That's why I'm marrying him.
Don't you think it meant anything to him. Even if I am fifteen.
You really ought to look at this Linda. There's a drawing on every page and all these quizzes. It's like school.
Okay penis that's one balls
Climax together.
No. But it's a nice idea.
What's Doug do in Chicago.
What do you think it is.
There's a world of guys out there. I just wish I didn't have to date any of them.
Hey. Wait a minute. There's no birthday party for me here.
I couldn't make it in time.
What's that.
If you graduate.
What can I get for you tonight.
Where do you feel like going.
I don't know. Wherever you want.
Is this your first time.
What's your other question.
I've got to go home.
Do you really have to go.
Today's April 16th. Damone never comes to school on April 16th.
What about the notes.
Really.
Don't worry about a thing sir. Just enjoy your stay.
What. Ah yes yes I see what you mean Yes so you'll be responsible then.
You're another one of these California boys. Your friend here's been tellin' us about dope fiends.
Cut their goddamn heads off. Every one of them. That's what we're doing in California.
What happened. What did they do to her.
What do you mean by that.
Las Vegas.
One toke over the line sweet Jesus.
Or just think it. Was I talking. Did they hear me.
We won't make the nut unless we have unlimited credit.
Did the mescaline just kick in. Or was that Debbie Reynolds in a silver Afro wig.
Look over there. Two women fucking a Polar Bear.
No we should leave the poor bastard alone. I get the feeling that he's avoiding us for some reason.
I dig my own graves. Green water and the White Rabbit. Put it on.
The cops.
Lucy.
Maybe we should take it easy tonight.
Man I know these people in my goddamn blood.
Don't mention that word around here. You'll get them excited.
Like big lizards.
What's wrong with you. Hell somebody has to do it.
grow claws bleeding warts.
So do we lady.
How far is Baker. I was hoping to stop there for lunch.
Sorry didn't mean to scare you.
IS THERE A GUN POINTING AT YOU.
Ohhh.
Just an observation.
Why don't you go check it out.
Come on.
Look yeah he's an ass but he's my brother. Que sera-sera.
Oh.
Uh huh. Just put a dab on your tongue.
It's much safer in there sweety.
In the kitchen under the sink.
Four door.
How many.
Seven.
Welcome back.
Clever fuckers.
NO but I will lock you in.
JUST A BAT. I'M FINE. JUST A BAT. SORRY.
Well maybe they migrate.
Get to your cars.
Shut up. Shut your mouth. You have no idea what is running through me right now. No idea. I'm ready.
Oh
We should stick together out there.
Um well
Are you lying to me.
Come on Frances. Louella Parsons is here. She wants to talk to you help you out.
Excuse me sir.
Who's this.
Yes but Really I hate to sound it's just that the public expects something different from its stars. People won't take you seriously.
I hear you're meeting with the studio lawyers to get out of your contract.
But but wait a minute. We're supposed to be different right. Clifford says This theatre is supposed to be different. And this play this play is all about what greed and money do to people.
Without me.
You weren't going to tell me were you. Just pack up and leave is that it.
Dwayne. I'm Dwayne now. And you damn well better get used to it.
Don't you.
You I'm sorry forgive me. Doctor tell me honestly what do I have to do to get out of here.
We'll get you home Frances.
until finally your mother finds it necessary to commit you to a state mental institution. Were you mentally ill Frances.
Thank you Ralph.
Yeah I suppose Dad who's Harry York.
And you think it's worth all this.
So what do you think.
Just put me down as a avg a vagrant vagabond. Come on this is a joke. Assault and battery. I barely touched that bitch.
Why.
Will you be getting back together. When you quit Hollywood I mean.
Not me. But other people seem to.
Now wait a minute sweetie. Do I look like a newshound to you.
Yeah well 
Well. What'd you think.
I just wanted to see how you looked.
Enh.
What.
How ya doin' Farmer.
Yup. Poor bastard lay there on the sidewalk and he couldn't die. Too god damn much heart. He just didn't want to die.
Shit. I meant the other way around.
You know the funny thing is: it's not a great movie. I mean it could've been but they screwed it up gave it a happy ending. And all my friends I know they're going to smile and say they loved it.
Some people starve kid. Until we can do something about it they might as well see a movie. Makes 'em feel better.
The chauffeur. He's watching.
No Harry I can't 
Evening gorgeous.
Ohhh that's lousy Scotch.
Why are you always leaving me Harry.
Frances it's me Harry.
And no people.
Yeah I know what that's like Where you been.
Sure it's true. I was fighting for my country as well as myself.
You're Farmer. Oh Well look they took your stuff out. Moved it to some hotel I think.
Yes you win them you bring them into your heart touch them but you don't set them on fire.
But I want to. I'm trying.
Don't talk crazy.
Haven't you heard what I said.
I'm not cured. I was never sick. They had no business putting me in there. My only responsibility is to myself now.
Of course she hasn't anything definite in mind.
You know little sister I never resented you for refusing to see me in the the hospital. I knew you had to manage on your own before you could come back.
Little sister I don't want you to feel any rush to get back to work. I want you to rest for a while anyway.
No. All you've done is try to break my spirit try to turn me into you. But I'm not you mother and I never will be and thank god for it. That goes for you too. And frankly I don't know how with the two of you I turned out as sane as I am  Wait right there gentlemen I'll be with you in a minute and believe me I don't want to stay here one second longer than I have to. But I've got to tell you Lillian that one day before you die you will realize what you've done and hang your head in shame. In shame.
But what 
Sure. You shouted at me in the auditorium when I read my essay.
I see.
Normal. Average.
All right. Will you please sit down now. Symington says.
No What I mean is I'm just very excited by the prospect of getting on with my life that's all.
I'm sorry. She misunderstood that's all.
Nice.
I'm glad you finally came to the door. A man shouldn't have to scurry in the shadows.
Why Victor. Why. What were you thinking.
Like you. Oh God you don't know what you're asking.
And if I consent.
GET AWAY FROM HER. SHE'S MINE.
Elizabeth really. He's quite mad.
Quite a send-off isn't it.
I wish to be your husband.
Our decision. Together.
I give you my soul
Does this have something to do with that man you saw.
This ice will break yet. How's our guest.
Rich old ladies and their daughters.
Victor. This has got to stop. Nobody's seen you in months. You haven't attended a single class.
We feared cholera. Turned out to be pneumonia brought on by nervous exhaustion and some idiot running around in a storm.
Preposterous.
Re-configure the leads.
So young so pretty. What monster could have done such a thing.
The killer is still out there.
Just a feeling. Nothing personal.
Filmmaker.
I don't hear it anymore.
I mean
How many with you.
Have you forgotten about your sister.
Now you listen to me. You ain't gonna do a goddamn fucking thing you hear me. Nobody cares what you think I'm running this show I make the decisions.
Yes.
She's dead.
Yes she is.
Jesus Christ Pops don't start with this shit.
Before we stepped in here you told all of us to be cool. That means you too.
It's just all our lives you've been a pastor. For twenty years you've preached trust in the lord. And then one day you wake up and say fuck him.
It has a bed. That's all I care about.
I swear to God our father that when you change into one of the undead I will kill you.
Where are you taking us.
You got three minutes. One second longer I shoot your father in the face. Do you understand what I just said.
How about you cutie pie. Ready for round two.
Isn't there a law or something against retards serving food to the public.
Were you giving that pig signals.
He says you were scratching.
I wasn't scratching.
I never said help us.
Are you tellin' me I'm not good enough to drink here.
What am I supposed to do Seth. He recognized us.
Do they have cable.
Yeah explain it to me. I need an explanation. What's the matter with you.
Take a pill kid. I just meant stay cool.
We are South of the border down Mexico way.
Well then ask her dumb ass.
Can I ask you somethin' lieutenant. How come you're doing this. I mean we're kinda curious.
Thank you sir.
Really I have no problem with 
Oh really.
No sir.
Same rules for everyone sir.
And if you just happen to wash out I won't have to contend with you bitchin' to some hairy-chested female Senator. And please note I did not identify any one in particular.
What we're gonna pry 'em out with paddles.
Think I overplayed it.
I'm really not prepared for any kind of in-depth review of 
Thank you ma'am. Um may I ask what this is regarding.
Yes dear.
You know I wonder what the SecNav would think about it. If I spoke with him.
I think it's more important sir to decide what we're going to do since it's apparent this issue is not going away quietly.
Well Flea I appreciate the respect you just showed me. But I don't need it and don't want it not that kind of respect anyway. It's just gonna hurt us both okay.
I'll work on it ma'am.
Don't have to use it O'Neil but it's gotta go out. Five four three
Come on Montgomery
Boat Five Wickwire Cozad Vinyl Intagliata Ayers and Wise. Lieutenant Wickwire is your senior officer. Follow his orders to your death.
I believe he earned it for saving a man's life in Saudi Arabia. He wanted you to have it. He was very clear on that point.
Unless you Whiskey Run.
You need operational duty to really advance you need combat training to go operational yet combat training is off-limits to people with tits. I'm topped out at Intel. Forget the glass ceiling I'm beating my head on a big brass ceiling.
Jordan
Well not this. I was doing the Pentagon scene few nights ago. Got some fresh stuff about you. You may be in a hostile camp. I think someone may be taking steps to ensure that you crash and burn.
They're more afraid of you.
I didn't know they let you try again. Especially at your age.
O'Neil.
How'd you make it last time Wick. How'd you get through this part.
I'm sorry O'Neil. But as class officer it's my obligation to report all violations.
I think you're the liar.
We didn't know we were compromised. Firing would only've given away our position.
Sure. Just like your men do.
Well I'm trying to figure out if you're stupid unlucky gluttonous or some new alloy of all three.
Got it.
Aw lookit this lookit this she's bringin' Tampax in here. C'mon you got nothin' but rooms over there.
The Navy. They've made it clear they don't want to pull missiles out of subs to make room for women's heads. What's it gonna cost to make a fleet of Trident's co-ed.
This ain't about some little soldier girl sloggin' her way through commando school. The implications go way beyond.
Hey hey. I'm eating here.
What. I just couldn't just let them sleep in the street.
Where's Audrey.
My God. He's going after the nest.
So you made it.
Nesting.
The network is on an intranet. It's a direct feed into our computer system.
My life sucks.
It's Nick. I know that guy. I know him.
Remember my friend we saw on t.v.
Hey do you have any glue in your bag.
Mr. Caiman you're married.
So have dinner with me tonight.
Three years digging up worms in Chernobyl. How did Mrs. Tatopoulos handle it.
They will set the trap at thirty minutes to ten.
Have them sealed off.
Excuse me would you mind telling me what the hell I'm doing here.
Why are you telling this to me.
I think we should leave now.
I'm sorry sir I was only-
Just don't.
This is it.
Is that the bathroom.
Not so bad. We'll get you to medical quarters. You're going to be fine.
Come on old friend
God what an ass.
What the hell is going on.
Could you possibly try not to hit every single one.
You have a better plan Alex.
Oh my god It's real.
You've got the utility systems walkthrough right.
It's a television show. Okay. That's all. It's just a bunch of fake sets and wooden props do you understand.
It's real Brandon. All of it It's real.
Okay now left at the next turn Past the oxygen units. Make a right there. Then go through the antimatter vent
Commander do you have a camera. I'd die to see this in person All they showed on TV was a machine here and a wall here I don't know why they didn't show the whole thing.
No I am of the firm belief that in reality it is not a matter killer but a matter REARRANGER converting all molecules to the exact state they existed thirteen seconds previous to activation thus effecting a thirteen second time jump to the past.
Raise the glass and push the blue button.
I just can't believe it. Any of it. Look at this room They designed it based on the Tuaran Pleasure ship from historical document thirty seven. Oh and wait wait listen to this. Computer.
Negative no reserve Beryllium sphere exists onboard.
Systems register functional.
Listen I was wondering would you guys mind if I sit in today. See if anybody's interested in an autograph. Never know.
Hi everybody.
We're doing episode 31.
You have no idea what a perimeter is do you.
~e're alive.
Let me try. Computer. Computer.
We have no right to do this. They deserve to know.
Jason. Can you hear me.
Thank God. Are you okay.
Right.
Because it was on the show.
That's it It's go time.
Then tell me one thing What does it do the device. The Omega 13.
I certainly but-
Mind If we skip that. I have to get back pretty quick for this thing in Van Nuys.
But what if Sarris survives.
Former Commander.
Well Sort of
I'm not a Commander there is no National Space Exploration Administration. There is no snip.
The ship is a model As big as this. A very clever deception indeed. He oan't oontaln hIs lauchter. A belle-TOMMY Set a course for home lommander.
NO NO NO.
Jason. What about me. What do I do.
enerao I've host them. The maanetlsm o: the field Is disrupting our onstru- ~ait. There they are
WHAT. WH
Over three hundred miles.
And a French alliance.
Why in hell would John do that. Why in hell would any of them do that. After all you've done it's unbelievable.
Go on I want to hear everything.
There's this whispering campaign against me ever since Gates won at Saratoga.
As soon as the men have good shelters I'll move. Perhaps Martha will join me this winter.
Me. You apologizing to me.
Yes general.
By red what rank would you say this black officer soldier is Colonel.
Hamilton you're going to have to cover our asses as we cross.
They're among the best divisions the British have. No conscripts no impressed recruits just professional killers.
You won't be needing his largess Rhode Island is already committed to your appointment.
Colonel Charles Lee Hounds and all. Quite the character. He's got a tremendous reputation.
They are friends of Congress.
Did God ever make such a pitiful army.
No officer is going to get these men to fight. They had the life crushed out of them on Long Island. At the most perhaps we could make a feint at an outpost then retire to protect Congress.
How many generals do we have like Arnold. He's got guts he's vain and he fights.
And Hamilton. Greene.
Arnold is indispensable do you understand. I need Arnold to help me win this war.
'Charming little victories.' Please don't expect much more of us Monsieur.
I only meant
Did you know that Jefferson has proposed a law in Virginia aiming at an absolute separation of state from the church.
What else. From Virginia.
Is that why you come in here tossing pennies to my starving men. It's damned condescending.
We can't take them. Are you all right.
At one time I could have chosen not to be.
What the hell are we doing.
Sir I have to act on instructions from you ordering thirty copies of your own dress uniform
Where do those men come from George.
I see
That. I hear a mob: unemployed drunkards vagabonds the world's dregs.
Is that your test of patriotism George; if a man will die for you.
Doesn't matter what it's called Harry's got Martin Weir and it's gonna be big.
You guess. You mean you don't know.
Listen tonight later on I got one for you doesn't involve any heavy work. I want you to go have a look around Chili Palmer's hotel room.
Into air bags. There's no cushion under what you're doing. I'm out of it Cat. I'm done.
I heard in the Federal joints they let you spend an extra five minutes at the glass with your Daddy on Father's Day.
After this one I'm out Cat you understand. This is the last time we talk to each other.
You must bring something heavy to the deal.
Title's the first thing's got to go. And the guy's name. I mean even this writer's name Murray Saffrin is better than Lovejoy.
Young. She's fuckin' nine-years-old same age as Lovejoy's kid. Bernie. One she calls Bernard. Have you read the script.
There's nothin' to know. You have an idea you write down what you wanna say. Then you get somebody to add in the commas and shit where they belong if you aren't positive yourself. Maybe fix up the spelling where you have some tricky words although I've seen scripts where I know words weren't spelled right and there was hardly any commas in it at all. So I don't think it's too important. Anyway you come to the last page you write in 'Fade out' and that's the end you're done.
I'll find it.
Man I can't wait for you to be dead.
Bo. I'm great. Listen I'm expecting some people –-
Listen Harry how would you like to get your hands on five hundred grand. You pay me back at your convenience no interest.
Ray Barboni.
Are you the guy they called Ray Bones.
Who is this. I'm the one telling you the way it is okay asshole. That's who I am. Now you want your three hundred grand or don't you.
Yeah I'm here. I just don't like the anonymous crap. It means your either chickenshit or not for real.
Where's Leo Devoe. Where's Chili Palmer. Where's my fuckin' money.
Tough shit bro. This ain't Miami. You want something talk to me.
Your wife a Lakers fan.
Leo spanked a waitress.
A marker's like a check Harry.
That's half a movie with holes in it. Maybe forty minutes of screen time. You don't even have a girl a female lead and on top of that there's no one to sympathize with you don't have a good guy.
Ever shot anybody.
You got that on the brain Harry. If you're so scared of 'em why'd you take their money to Vegas to begin with.
For a movie.
So you're thinking what if I was to put you next to my dry cleaner. Ask him if he wants to invest his money in a movie.
Yeah he wants us to talk to Buddy set up a meeting.
Harry if I gave you Leo's money you'd have Ray Bones all over your ass and then you'd be in a whole new kinda trouble.
You got a miss. Leo Devoe. Guy's six weeks over.
Guy owes me fifteen large and takes off I go after him. The fuck you think I do.
Martin look at me.
I believe it.
Yeah but you haven't found him yet. The guy took off for Las Vegas.
At that point basically that has to be it.
Compass.
From when. You left Vegas with four- fifty.
I wouldn't let her if she tried. Why I'm here Leo basically is to save your ass.
How. By taking my money.
No no you left the patio door open. You gotta stop doin' that all the nice things you got around here.
Rough day on the set.
How come you stopped making movies with Harry.
You read Harry's new one. He says it's the best thing he's ever read.
Right. See how your story ends.
I don't know.
Yeah the guy owes Momo a few G's.
Momo could buy it I could run it for him. Show some Cagney films.
I hate to say I told you but I did. I told you don't start nothing with him that time.
No you just broke his fuckin' nose instead.
That's great Harry. So what's the 
That Miami flight that went down it was on the news every day for about a week. Harry must've been busy.
I have to run. But what I hope to see they begin to have misgivings about wanting the money. It becomes their moral dilemma and they try to rationalize keeping it but in the end they can't. Can they.
A passenger liner. Over.
Hear that Dodge. Epps don't think it's a problem.
You think the extra strain caused it.
Take it easy Dodge. It's only a piece of metal.
One more.
So we kill him.
Did you.
You aren't jealous are you Dodge.
What the hell would a freighter be doing up here. It's way out of the lanes. There's not a port for 800 miles.
But how long.
We gotta get outa here Dodge. A storm blows up and we're history.
Goddamit Dodge.
Dreamin's all any of you're gonna be doing if we don't get this boat running.
Sounds like the hull.
What if that fucker finds it before we're ready to go.
On a passenger ship in 1953.
I don't know what you're talking about.
We'll stand the watch on deck tonight. You're up first.
You're late.
That's what I call a payday.
I don't even want to know what that's gonna taste like now.
You okay.
Maybe they didn't want it back. Maybe the whole fat deal was insured.
Epps.
He needs a doctor.
How's he doing.
But where's the damage.
What do you think happened on this boat.
Are we smart enough to avoid that.
When you found me yesterday at the pool. I'd seen something. Someone.
What like some kind of ghost.
Maybe hallucination is the wrong word. It was more than that. As though they were showing me.
Epps over.
What do we do with him.
Could be a stroke. Who knows. The general log said the crew were fighting among themselves. Like wild dogs.
What happened.
I must be in the wrong business.
Some classy tub in it's day huh.
What now.
Oh man.
A what.
We're still drifting.
Fifteen at the most.
Don't be silly anyone can dance. Here just follow me watch my feet.
Uh no. I missed that one. But what do I know. I like Laurel and Hardy movies.
Enid and I were just friends. You know we feel comfortable around each other she really likes my old records and
And what can you tell us about this
Don't worry - it's nothing bad. I was just wondering what your plans were for next year.
Hmm.
I dunno Would I have to take classes and stuff.
What do you mean.
I'm gonna let you handle the four thirty crowd by yourself - that way I can evaluate your performance while it's slow and ease you into the bigger crowds.
What the hell is wrong with you.
But I feel weird it's so sleazy.
Who Doug. He spends more time here than I do
Come on Josh don't you want to see where he lives.
No.
But this guy is like a one-of-kind rare butterfly and we have to follow him back to his natural habitat
Do you want something to drink.
Are you trying to get me wasted so you can take advantage of my womanly charms.
Yeah right well why not. What's so wrong with me.
Hi Enid.
This is so bad it's almost good.
Unless they're in your Summer school class.
Shut up.
How perfect.
God just think we'll never see Dennis again.
Why.
What do you do if you're a satanist anyway.
Maybe they're slowly poisoning us or they're planning to brainwash us and 
You can have that one.
Are you sure.
You just want an excuse to dress like some stupid fashion model without me making fun of you.
It's always closed
I'll bet he never jerks off
Let's get out of here this place makes me sick.
What. Where.
You won't believe it. Guess.
That guy is totally amazing.
I can't it's Seymour's birthday Shit. What time is it. I have to go to the store. I was going to make him a cake
I am not I just think it'd be funny to see what he'd do
Do you still want to go to that thing tonight.
Actually I'm just about to go out with some friends
Where are we. This is a weird neighborhood
Hi.
Oh hi I almost didn't recognize you I think I need to get glasses; you're all blurry.
Shhh.
Oh yeah like he even noticed.
Who does.
Punk rock is over.
Five hundred.
I was wearing that dress the day I lost my virginity.
Indian records.
I I didn't think you would have any interest in this get together I mean if you had told me you were coming I would have warned you it's not like a real party or anything.
Really. Can I see it.
Wow. This is like my dream room. Are these all records.
Yeah sure very funny.
We'll just go in for one minute it'll be a riot.
If you don't mind my asking why do you care so much if I get a date or not.
Actually I was a whole lot more interested in the Cook's phenomenon when I was about your age. I've kind of lost interest since I've been working for them
Oh uh thanks a lot Enid I really appreciate it
I know. It's not like it makes all your problems go away.
Never mind it's way too complicated Did you have problems like this when you were my age - where you're totally confused all the time.
No actually Joe told me you were here so how come you never call me anymore.
Sort of she doesn't dislike any of that stuff she's trying anyway actually we're supposed to go antique shopping for her apartment this afternoon
Well forget the art show let's do something else.
Well when can we do something.
And you like them.
I don't think you understand how I really feel about you Seymour.
Can you at least let me in.
That's Dana's - I'm supposed to be saving it for our two-month anniversary. You better not 
I hate sports.
I mean of course I why wouldn't I want to go out with you.
I used to think about one day not telling anybody and just taking off and going to some random place Do you ever think about stuff like that.
I don't think I'm in any condition to drive.
Did you remember to pay the phone bill.
She's not at home.
Am I to take it you want to live.
Excellent decision. Your name is Abdullah. I'm sure we'll meet again. Go and enjoy the splendid morning.
It's what the natives are calling the lions- -two lions have been causing trouble-
What.
I made a mistake hiring you- you're simply not up to the job.
I'm going to try and locate Redbeard- I assume you've heard of him.
I know it's your first day and of course you must be tired from the journey- -but what are you going to do about it.
I'm David Hawthorne this is my hospital. And my advice to you is don't get sick in front of it. That was meant to be charming sorry. I seem to have lost the knack.
-then he feasted on him starting with his feet-
That's a terrible idea-
-is it I'm sorry but then of course you're the doctor you should know.
We're not much good at goodbyes Helena.
Go now. Such a gentleman.
-well of course he kept moving- but he couldn't have been more than ten feet away from the three of you- surely you must have wounded the thing-
He just gave me his monster speech.
Samuel is camp liaison- absolutely indispensable- the only man here everyone trusts.
I don't suppose I could watch.
Might be exciting for you.
Shhh.
-you'll have to deal with it Nigel.
John. I know this isn't the time to ask but-
All right- thee second embankment will go there.
You do plan to mark it a bit more precisely than just- -there.
John it will not be easy.
What did I do.
Nonsense- Samuel would have done something.
We need to talk.
Has it ever done that before.
But of course yours worked.
You think they'll come then. Why.
Why.
Understood- you realize now you could never have done it without me.
We should construct thorn fences around every tent area. Fires burning at night.
Thank you. Why does he need you by him.
Why so many.
Some Russian princes want to hunt the Himalayas. You.
You know you are really doing very good work here. I think soon you may be ready to assist me in some of the more important restorations.
I don't believe we have the luxury of choice.
Time is running out Dana. Soon it will be midnight and the city will be mine and Vigo's. Well mainly Vigo's. But we have a spectacular opportunity to make the best of our relationship.
I won't.
I'm not a doorman Miss Barrett. I'm a building superintendent.
He didn't ditch me. We had some problems he got a good offer from an orchestra in England and he took it.
You never asked me and every time I brought it up you'd get drowsy and fall asleep.
His name is Oscar.
I may be wrong but I think you've got a little crush on this guy.
Who could blame him. Were you wearing this nightgown.
We'll take care of that. Ray Pete. Listen get over to Dana's right away Her bathtub pulled a fast one tried to eat the kid.
How about you on the sofa and me in bed with the baby.
Thank you. Poor baby. I think I should put him down now.
Does she know anything about babies.
I put them in your hamper. I thought they were dirty.
Why do you say things like that. You're so much better than you know.
That's a terrible thing to say.
I was trying to get that smelly green thing. The guys asked me to help out. I'm like the fifth Ghostbuster.
Why would you want to be a Ghostbuster if you're already an accountant.
Motherhood is a very natural instinct for me. I'd like to have a baby myself. Wouldn't you.
Pleasure to meet you. I've seen you on television.
Like what.
This year. That's cutting it a little close isn't it. I mean just from a sales point of view the book just came out right. So you're not even looking at the paperback release for maybe a year. And it's going to be at least another year after that if the thing has movie-of-the-week or mini-series potential. You would have been better off predicting 1992 or even '94 just to be safe.
I think they're more interested in my epididymis.
What now Brainiac.
That's a thousand million electron volts.
It's probably the first thing my grandparents saw when they came to this country.
This is about as deep as you can go under Manhattan without digging your own hole.
That's it. It's on the bottom.
We've found it at every event site we've been to lately.
There's definitely something going on in that studio. The PKE levels were max-plus and the Giga-meter was showing all red.
Oh hello perhaps you could help me. I'm looking for an aerosol love potion I could spray on a certain Penthouse Pet that would make her unconditionally submit to an unusual personal request.
Aaah. Nobody. I can't tell you.
What happened.
I think we're going to have to pass on the sewer trip boys. Let me know what you find out.
Yeah sorry I missed it. I guess you guys didn't know about the dress code here. It's really kind of a coat and tie place.
Give it up Ray. You're living in the past. Ghostbusters doesn't exist anymore. In a year these kids won't even remember who we are.
Yeah what did we do Ray. The last real job we had we bubbled up a hundred foot marshmallow man and blew the top three floors off an uptown highrise.
And he didn't die of old age either. He was poisoned stabbed shot hung stretched disemboweled drawn and quartered.
She's moving.
Ray Ray How do you feel man.
To the bathroom where do you think.
Oh Dana it's you 
Oh that's nice Louis. I'll stop by if I'm around.
Are you the Gatekeeper.
Yes well I'm not sure. What I have to say may sound a little unusual.
Is that your professional opinion.
Damn.
There's nothing there now and I don't get any significant readings.
This is terrible. Either there's a monster in my kitchen or I'm completely crazy.
You think I enjoy giving up my evenings to spend time with clients. I'm making an exception because I respect you as an artist and as a dresser.
We must prepare for the coming of Gozer.
Fine. This University will no longer continue any funding of any kind for your group's activities.
Did you see it. What was it.
I collect spores molds and fungus.
I want you to have this.
Great. How's it going.
And how many ghosts have you caught Mr. Venkman.
And where do you put these ghosts once you catch them.
You turned off the power. Look there was another man here You have to find him and bring him back. A short determined-looking guy with the eyes of a happy zombie.
Yes. I don't like this.
Well just 75 more to go. What's this one.
Yeah but I didn't know you were going to give me electric shocks. What are you trying to prove.
Hey Mister. Can I see those guns.
You're a regular Sherlock Holmes. Now what do you want.
I'm always serious.
Generally you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance. What do you think Egon.
What do you mean bad.
Where's the Keymaster.
Sit tight. I'm on my way.
Who was the architect.
Do you believe in God.
Ray do you remember something in the Bible about a day when the dead would rise up from their graves.
Yeah Judgement Day.
Stantz. You okay in there.
I should at least have you don't you think.
Where have you been.
If I ever loved Narcissus it wasn't like you want.
Yes. Go on.
Lykas pick a man. Someone who will look good. Jerses I want it built up in the Daily Action
That's difficult to say general.
So am I.
Caesar Commodus discovering his lineage converges with the Demigod Hercules has determined to display his magnificence before his beloved citizens. The Emperor's going to fight in the arena. I'm supposed to write this for tomorrow's edition.
I've read of it.
The trouble is defining exactly what 'right' is.
You're hearing about somebody else.
Is this Rome. Are we just going to be executed.
No future-telling please I've been terrified enough for one day.
Why do you keep playing at being so humble. It's a little embarrassing.
I don't believe that. He's got the best doctor in the world and a will of iron. You know we're preparing for a full-blown invasion of Germany.
Twenty years I've led men to die. For me it was the glory of Rome. But that was something. If it wasn't that then it was the pay or the loot of the next whore but that was something. These men here are butchered for laughs. Their lives are like jokes delivered in the back alley theaters where their death is a punch line.
To think I brought my daughters up on all things Roman. Read to sleep on Catullus Lucretius Virgil every night. My beautiful daughters.
If you consider yourself to be only one thread of many in the tunic then it is fitting for you to be like the rest of men just as the thread has no desire to be any better than the other threads. But
He killed his father and then my family
The Senators admire you.
What deal.
I'm a soldier we're at war. I can't stay home tending the damned olive groves.
Do you want to see Themis and Manto butchered. If I die fighting Commodus he won't care about you. If I live I'll come and get you.
I killed too many barbarians.
The point is you get to fight the easy country circuit the small arenas relax live the good life.
A great deal. They designed and build Tiger's chariot
No. Tell them I'll do it. But I want more posters all over Rome.
Do you want some dinner.
Benjamin do you dislike me for some reason.
No why should I.
Will you take me home now.
I think I'd better go home now please.
But could I just tell you this one thing.
We won't. Let's go inside.
Benjamin what's happening.
What.
GET OUT.
Don't cry.
Well I want you to leave.
Benjamin.
Is that so. You might marry me.
When.
I don't know. I don't know what's happening.
We just can.
Elaine are you serious about this.
Benjamin I haven't even said I'll marry you yet.
Well I have to see Carl first.
Well what did he say. I'm curious.
Yes I am.
What are you then.
Who screamed.
I'm putting it here by the door.
Oh yes. The Singleman party.
A single room or a double room.
Where is your luggage.
In general.
What.
What.
Are you always this much afraid of being alone.
Well why can't you just lock the doors and go to bed.
You've known me nearly all of your life. You must have formed some opinion.
Sit down Benjamin.
No.
What.
Please forgive me. Because I like you. I don't think of you that way. But I'm mixed up.
All right. Now finish your drink.
We'll forget it right now. Finish your drink.
Benjamin.
If you still think I'm trying to seduce you 
I'm not scared Mrs. Robinson.
Then why do you keep running away.
I don't see why. I'm twice as old as you are. How could anyone think 
I'll be up in five minutes.
Well goodbye then 
The number.
Benjamin.
I'll get undressed now. Is that all right.
Sure. Shall I I mean shall I just stand here. I mean I don't know what you want me to do.
Will you bring me a hanger.
What.
Oh yes. Wood.
What.
Either one will be fine.
It is isn't it. It is your first time.
You can admit that can't you.
If you want.
All we ever do is come up here and throw off the clothes and leap into bed together.
You're not interested in art.
No.
Can I take off my clothes now.
What.
I walk out.
Benjamin this isn't a very interesting topic.
Now let's keep going here.
On New Year's Eve. Sometimes on his birthday.
But you don't hate him.
What.
How do you think.
Don't talk about Elaine.
No.
We're not dropping it. Now that's the reason isn't it. I'm a dirty degenerate aren't I. I'm not fit to 
I'm good enough for you but I'm too slimy to associate with your daughter. That's it isn't it. ISN'T IT.
No sir. I am not proud that I spend my time with a broken-down alcoholic.
Because Mrs. Robinson this is the sickest most perverted thing that ever happened to me. And you do what you want but I'm getting the hell out.
Now don't start this.
Don't start acting hurt.
But it's not.
You don't have to say that.
This is absurd.
Thank you. Benjamin 
Drive down the block.
Braddock Braddock.
When I go off.
You don't have to tell me if you don't want.
What else.
Well you don't drive around from midnight until noon the next day Benjamin.
No.
I guess she's not good enough for you is that it.
Oh no.
Thank you.
Yes sir.
Oh say Elaine gets down from Berkeley on Saturday.
Well I don't think we have a whole lot to say to each other Ben. I do think you should know the consequences of what you've done. I do think you should know that my wife and I are getting a divorce soon.
HUH.
I'd like to discuss this.
I oughtn't to presume but I  I'm so grateful to you it's been so marvelous. The first time in my life I have gambled I've danced. Oh you can laugh gentlemen but it's the first time in my life I've ever tasted life.
Life gentlemen is wonderful but very dangerous. You must have courage for it then it's wonderful. You gentlemen don't know that because you are all healthy and happy but I believe me a man must know death and not until then does a man know anything about life.
It's a short life and a gay one
You are late the dancer's gone to the theatre.
No no no no
He must be very nice.
Whoever is keeping you waiting.
Money Ever heard of it.
Did you ever see a stenographer with a decent frock on. One that she'd bought herself.
Chasing around.
Why.
Flaemmchen what are you doing here in the middle of the night.
Nothing only to be here.
Why do you look at me like that.
I did not know you were so beautiful and 
And and 
I never knew it was so dangerous to hide in a woman's room when she's alone.
A man who could love that is all who has forgotten everything else for you.
You could love me. It is so long since I have heard that word. Nobody has loved me for a long time. It is so icy-cold to be famous. One is so cruelly alone. How is it that you Let me look at you. Your hands. Your eyes. Why could you love me.
What.
Oh I was ambitious then ambition was in my blood no rest no stopping. We were drilled like little soldiers We danced in the school of the Imperial Ballet in St. Petersburg. I was little and slim but hard as diamond a duty machine No rest no stopping. And then I became famous and whoever is famous is alone But why should I be telling you this. Last night I did not know you at all who are you really. I do not even know your name.
No.
And then in the war to kill and hide. That's all.
I'll go good-bye.
When are you leaving Berlin.
Why later.
On the train.
I'm Baron von Gaigern.
What's the matter Mr. Kringelein.
Baron we must have gone a hundred miles an hour at least
Yes quite.
A drink Baron A Louisiana flip.
The Baron is tired.
Was the Baron joking or is it really true that the Baron is in financial straits.
Goodnight Kringelein.
Good evening my key one sixty- eight.
The war.
Yes He always seems to be waiting for something and nothing ever comes.
Be quiet.
No Madam Grusinskaya's car is to be brought.
The night clerk has already gone you are late.
Good heavens. What for.
No Doctor.
There is no pocketbook here On the floor probably.
Stay where you are.
You may laugh. Caviar and champagne may mean nothing to you but to me they mean a great deal. You see I'm ill and all of a sudden I got a fear of missing life. I don't want to miss life do you understand.
Her master's voice. I must go now goodbye thanks.
No - absinthe.
I'm happy Miss Flaemm.
Yes 
Money.
Yes to Paris. I wanted to go there always.
Do you work in Justice Zinnowitz' office.
Tired.
You're a very unusual stenographer 
Movies.
Moreover He was a lucky man that man.
Oh too bad. Did you quarrel.
Well you want me.
Yes.
You see I'd like to take a secretary with me for my correspondence and humm humm for company on the trip I'm nervous I need somebody I don't know if you quite understand me. You said you have travelled with gentlemen and I mean 
Wait I must figure it up. First I'll need clothes shoes it's cold in England in March I'll need a suit You'd want me to look nice.
A thousand marks 
Call me do you know would you would you like to call me by my first name.
Oh no.
I couldn't do that you're a stranger to me.
They turn out marvelous material in Manchester.
Why talk it's over it's over it's finished. You've broken off negotiations. You did it. You're calling them off. You had nothing on your mind all day but Manchester Manchester Manchester. You don't suppose for one moment that I'm such a fool as not to have something that I could say definitely about Manchester.
Oh no no the session is over. Let's go it's off. Thank you gentlemen.
Under these circumstances it's quite a different matter.
See you soon Preysing. Next week we'll meet and discuss further details.
As you remember it when you approached us
Mr. Preysing has too scrupulous a regard for certainties
I can't dance tonight 
Madam has slept well.
The house is not full Is it really full.
Good morning Pimenov.
You may go Mr. Kringelein.
Oh the Baron the Baron.
My best friend poor Baron dead just like that.
I know I know.
I'll see you in the morning then at the conference. Everything'll be all right Preysing Don't worry. Goodnight.
'Deal with Manchester definitely off. Preysing oh I'd never have thought it of you.
No one would have thought it of me. I've been getting rusty in Fredersdorf. Well if bluff is what the world wants I guess I can put up as big a bluff as anyone. From now on
What you need is some relaxation.
Say it say it my lie it's the first time in thirty years that I've ever Where's that stenographer. Miss Flaemm
Hi Bobo.
Bobo no I 
No.
Oh thanks Bobo.
Not skimming a thing Lilly.
That's right. Take a little leave a little.
A person that don't look out for himself is too dumb to look out for anybody else. He's a liability right Bobo.
Well you can tell them I said they're right. I better get going. Roy'll wonder where I am.
Evening. Welcome to Phoenix.
Can't move.
Here you are. Two rich people.
Nine hundred. Bobo needs somebody to handle playback this time. Come on Lilly you don't argue with Bobo.
No.
Okay fine. Perk the truth is I like things the way they are now. Pick my own hours have time for uh other activities
I'm working down in San Diego. Just for a few weeks. Thought I'd drop in on my long-lost son.
It's there. The boss called you said so yourself.
My boss is a guy named Bobo Justus back in Baltimore. When a long shot gets too much action I have to put money on that horse at the track because it's the only way to get the odds down.
Why.
Well nice to see you again Lilly.
Going somewhere.
You're smart Lilly and you're good-looking. You won't have any trouble finding a job.
No but I'm goddamn thirsty. Ice water.
I know what's bugging you of course.
Is there nothing I can do Roy nothing at 
Joe could we talk it over. Do you want a drink.
I didn't teach you that.
Mm.
Ow. Hey what are you trying to do throw me off my game.
I don't see why you're still here. You look healthy to me.
You already went back to work.
You're on the grift. Same as me.
You talk the lingo. What's your pitch.
The long end. Big con.
And when he got serious.
I thought these people were broke.
I saw her.
You must have some very knowledgeable friends.
Running your broker scam you mean.
I called a fellow I know in Tulsa the one who plays my chauffeur. There's a sucker there he says is made for us. And a boroker that just shut down we can use their office not change a thing. Now I can scrape up ten grand without much trouble. That leaves fifteen or twenty for your end. We could start this weekend get the sucker into position 
You're too good for the small-time Roy. Move up to where there's big dough to be made and you don't have to stick your neck out every day.
What.
You watch that mouth.
Yes.
Gun.
Why yes Mr. Dillon. Here's a potential new neighbor looking at
Why am I here.
They said on the phone you were assigned to the Meyers case.
With all due respect detective you can't go blaming every brutal murder in Illinois on Michael Meyers.
You take all your dates here. Blake.
Detective Carter from the Haddonfield P.D.
Okay then how 'bout we ask you a few questions.
My god
Nothing to fear. The coast is clear.
And I should have a son who calls me Mom. Looks like we're both shit out of luck.
It's an option.
He found you didn't he.
Oh God no not Molly.
Where'd you get it.
Nah I didn't tell her where I went.
What are you doing here.
You look kind of cold.
I'm okay.
You okay. You seem a little off.
It's always John.
There's something I have to tell you both. It's going to sound strange
Wait.
What is it.
Shane's going as a condom.
But the dance is in the gymnasium.
Isn't he that psycho who's been spying on my sister.
Debra you're fuckin' insane.
I didn't He got in a fight and I 
Runes were a kind of early alphabet that originated in Northern Europe thousands of years ago. They were symbols carved out of stone or pieces of wood. Of all the runes Thorn had the most negative influence. Cults used them in blood rituals to portend future events and invoke magic.
Danny. Danny.
Unlike you Sam I learned many years ago not to second-guess the motives of my fellow man. Remember what Freud said: 'Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.' Or in this case a drink is just a drink.
Yes Tommy. What are you doing here.
Miss me baby.
You know what gets me.
How everybody says fuck and shit all the time. I used to be scared shitless I'd say fuck or shit in public by accident. Now everybody says fuck and shit fuck and shit all the time. Something very big must have happened while we were out of the country.
You were rich before. This is the first time I was ever rich.
When I drive it I feel like I'm in the middle of a great big wad of bubblegum. I don't hear anything I don't feel anything. I figure somebody else is driving. It's a bitch.
You know what gets me.
What's funny about that.
Excuse me.
Sorry. At least you've got a place to come back to. I don't have a place to come back to anymore.
Tit for tatas simple as that.
You.
I forget mine for years on end.
I can't get over how you guys are my friends. Harold Ryan and Looseleaf Harper are my friends.
It's engineered to last about fifteen years.
Anybody home.
Hello.
He was a stretcher-bearer in the Korean War. Were you in a war with Father.
Oh hell.
Tell me that.
Hid by dayfought by night. At sunset one day your father and I peering through field glasses saw a black Mercedes draw up to a village inn. It was escorted by two motorcyclists and an armored car. Out of the Mercedes stepped one of the most hateful men in all of historythe Beast of Yugoslavia.
Uck.
I wanted to go out for football but Mom was afraid I'd get hurt.
Does it bother you to have your mother engaged to a man like that.
Is Looseleaf Harper alive.
She's a real heavy sleeper sometimes.
No.
Welcome to manhood you little sparrowfart. Load that gun.
Get mad. Tell me you don't like the way I treat your mother. Tell me you wish I'd never come home.
Destiny often seems that way. You're going to marry me.
How do you do Mrs. Ryan. I'd heard you were beautiful and so you are. Am I intruding here.
What sort of time period do you have in mind. Half an hour. An hour.
Seemed the most honest way to begin life together againnatural unrehearsed.
You know what I want. I want you both to be friends. I know you both respect you both. You should be friends.
Nothing would please me more.
He doesn't deserve this. You don't know him. It isn't fair.
You're thinking with your brain instead of your body. That's why you're so tense. Forget Norbert. Relax. It's body time.
Bring me a side order of Mrs. Wheeler.
Cook by God. Cook. You're the nigger now.
You leave me soso without without dignity.
They don't have to feel like slaves.
That's what you're supposed to say.
This is not a coy deception. I do not want to be scrogged. I want love. I want tenderness.
Well I can. Some injuries spiritual or physical can be excruciating to me. I'm not a silly carhop any more. Maybe you're right about fish. When I was a carhop I didn't feel much more than a fish would. But I've been sensitized. I have ideas nowand solid information. I know a lot more nowand a lot of it has to do with you.
Such as.
It's complicated and I don't want to go into it now because it's bound to sound insultingeven though nobody means for anybody to be insulted. It's just the truth.
You took him to the funeral I hear.
Testimonials of that sort areare beyond my range. I don't do them well. That's a failing I know.
Rifle.
He's afraid of you Harold. He knew you'd want to fight him. He doesn't know anything about fighting. He hates pain.
What kind of a country has this become. The men wear beads and refuse to fightand the woman adore them. America's days of greatness are over. It has drunk the blue soup.
He's a child.
That's really what you want. You become furious when people won't make you dead.
Then you'd better fix your bayonet because there aren't any bullets in the gun.
Can Iuhhelp you gentlemen.
You'reyou're old friends of Harold Ryan.
Oh dear.
Areare you crying Penelope.
I feel the same way. What next.
Colonel Harper and I once shared a treetop with a family of bats. There was a flash flood. There were piranha fish in the water. That's how Colonel Harper lost his little toe.
Pacqualinincheewa root. Means cougar fang. Cures anything but a yellow streak down the back.
Yes.
You're a filthy rotten bastard.
I haven't told you Harold how comical I think you are.
I'm an honorable clown.
The new hero is you.
But the new hero will be a man of science and of peacelike me. He'll disarm you of course. No more guns no more guns.
You're making a mistake. Obsolete old carnivores like me are most dangerous when wounded. You've wounded me.
Oh Godyou're really going to kill me. HAROLD It won't hurt as much as the sting of a bumblebee. Heaven is very much like Paradise they say. You'll like it there.
New lives begin.
It was a bitch.
She did.
Yes.
That is sad.
You bet I'll worry about it. I said something wrong.
I feel like I want to yell my head offjust yell anything. Bulllllllllllllll-dickey.
Stay home tonight.
A lot of people don't.
What.
Yeah.
Then get him.
We don't have a maid any more.
Everything stays as it is.
How's the fungus around your thumbnail.
It's fine.
I keep having this nightmarethat he catches us.
He'd assume we had.
Something happens to my confidence.
I'm touched.
Yeah.
We've got to find him. I want you to show me exactly where you saw him last. And you stay here Norbert in case he comes home. That's all he saidthe thing about the key.
I didn't make my move fast enough. That's it isn't it. I was too respectful.
It's true.
I am Dr. Norbert Woodlya physician a healer. I find it disgusting and frightening that a killer should be a respected member of society. Gentleness must replace violence everywhere or we are doomed.
After this explosion I think he'll be able to accept the fact that his mother is going to marry again.
He told me one time what the proudest moment of his life was. He made Eagle Scout when he was twenty-nine years old. Oh Norbertpromise me that Paul has not gone into the park.
I'd be dead by now if that were the case.
And maybe Paul. What about the murderers. They're in there.
They didn't murder me.
If he is in the park luck is all that can save him now and there's plenty of that.
I'm glad you brought your vacuum cleaner.
I'm sick of this argument. I just have one more thing to say: If you elect a President you support him no matter what he does. That's the only way you can have a country.
If he'd just come out for the Little League the way I asked him he'd find out we touch all the timeshove each other slug each other and just horse around. I'm going to go get him
No just not the type.
You may do that in the privacy of your room.
You're still dressed.
Look that twenty dollars you just paid I don't get any of that. That goes to the guys that own this place. I get two bucks an hour minus ten percent for a bail fund. I make all my money on tips.
What do you mean.
No that would be much too overpowering.
Yeah.
Where's he.
You're not a film producer are you.
Make it nine hundred. That was my best week.
Tonight. When you get out we'll go. Why didn't you tell the other detective.
Jesus.
You won't keep growing at this rate.
You used to work at Copper Penny.
Tod was. He was with Ratan.
It's not quite the same thing.
I must have been in more motel rooms this week than in the rest of my life. At least it feels that way.
She left you right.
Listen Niki. My daughter's been missing five months. I've gone through a lot to find out what's happened to her. I just saw a girl killed. I will not let Tod slip out of my hands. You have to tell me where he is.
But then you'll forget about me.
Have you ever seen any ah pornographic movies Jake.
They're legal now.
But the police
Listen pilgrim you're way out on a limb here. You don't know what you're into.
How did you find me.
Where does he hang out.
Well
Why don't you just go outdoors mister. Cool off.
He didn't look good at all. Something strange is going on. He's got himself into some trouble. He wouldn't say what.
You don't have to get uppity with me Bill. I remember when you was running that car wash and couldn't make it go. And what was that other thing you tried. A Dairy Queen. Went busted too.
Eh Poli Sci.
Oh I don't have one.
About forty-five minutes wouldn't you say Harold. We were hoping to start sooner but you see it's rather hard to find a truck.
Oh well. Must have been your brother.
But there is a family resemblance.
This way Edith. Harold is out by the garage. He has a new car and he has been tuning it up. He's very mechanical.
I'm a file clerk - Harrison Feed and Grain.
I don't know.
Eh could I have my pen back now please.
Do you sing and dance.
Now I'll pump it up  and you just turn the handles. Okay. What do you smell.
Oh. Eh I like it.
Here we are Harold. Oat straw tea and ginger pie.
You look as if you could.
Me. Ha. Did I tell you I'll be eighty on Saturday.
Well it's all very thrilling of course but I ask you Harold Is it enough.
But what.
Well I really don't drink
Oh yes. Every day. But I don't need a defense anymore. I embrace. Still fighting for the Big Issues but now in my small individual way. Shall we have a song.
I think he's following us.
Yes so do I. But I think he is a little old-fashioned. Like a puff Harold.
What was that.
Shall I drop by tomorrow. Oh I have a luncheon date. With this girl.
Maude I must speak to you.
But they'll put me in jail.
Oh you've thought of everything. And champagne.
 which I hope will make you very happy.
Farewell.
I feel giddy.
Never. Never. I'll never forget you. I wanted to marry you. Don't you understand. I love you. I love you.
At a funeral.
Tell me Harold how many of these eh suicides have you performed.
I don't know.
Your studies.
And so I ask you - why the hell did we give up on the Germans. Those damn politicians in Washington chalked them up on our side and the wars ever since have been a national disgrace. Hell look at history. The two best wars this country has fought were against the Jerries. Now I say get the Krauts on the other side of the fence where they belong and let's get back to the kind of enemy worth killing and the kind of war this whole country can support.
Yes.
She certainly has.
It's coming.
I knew you'd come back.
Kirsty I'm sorry don't understand. I
Help. No no-one can help. I just want someone to listen or I WILL go crazy.
I'm scared.
Story of my life.
You were burned by some organic acid.
I worry about you.
C'mon champ. You look a little woozy there.
We should go back you you could tear that door apart 
I just fried Stinky. Tell Father I'll be home. He shouldn't wait up.
I think I can help Talk to her I can bring her back.
Out. Out out.
It's nothing. Just a list It's not finished 
Cocky.
He loves you.
 Late. Five minutes late.
Pardon.
Hi.
We're leaving.
You remember.
One last time. Give me the box.
Come to Daddy.
You bastard 
Bastard.
Who are you.
Help me.
His blood on the floor It brought me back.
Poor Larry. Obedient as ever.
I want an explanation first. I want to know what happened to you.
Who did.
The Cenobites. The creatures the box set free. Sometimes I think they're still here. Just behind the walls. Them and their hooks and their beasts. Just waiting to break out again. Except that I've got the box.
You're still afraid.
You would be. They tore me apart.
They took my body but my spirit they left that here. In the boards in the walls. Watching the world but not able to TOUCH it.
Maybe we should just leave 
Just a thought 
How are you doing through there.
Just feeling a bit sick.
Can I get you anything.
Who was it.
What.
Drinking alone.
Not much.
Just soda.
I suppose that's right.
Is this your place .
What happened to me.
YOU'D like my room.
Well come over will you. See the place.
What for honey. You know we can look after you. You've made the gesture 
You like.
Kirsty.
I've forgotten.
I have to talk to you.
Yes.
PLEASE. You're in danger.
We're on the Cointreau.
Not that late.
What do we do if there isn't.
Are you alright .
I've been better.
Your father told me you were working here.
Can I lend you a hand.
Alison's.
Really.
You gotta be kidding me.
Really. Married Kevin. Her junior high sweetheart What chance would I have had against that. None no chance. That's just fate.
TURN IT OFF BARRY.
But it's my new tape. My Monday morning tape. I made it last night just for today.
I wanna date a musician
What did you tell her about the shop for.
We can take your car.
Oh no Rob that's not obvious enough. Not at all. Dick did you hear that.
No but would you think from that one sentence. That I was going to see it.
But in your opinion would I definitely go.
Suck my ass.
What the fuck is that.
Barrytown. Barrytown. Is there no end to your arrogance.
They were fucking called that before I was in it okay. It wasn't my idea.
Great. That's fucking great. They only asked you to sing because of your name. You can stick it above the browser racks over there.
No way.
What is she doing. Okay 20%.
You couldn't be. Look Barry. There's going to be people from Laura's work there people who own dogs and babies and Tina Turner albums. How are you going to cope with them.
What do you think. Dick likes it.
Oh really. Well what about the first Jesus and Mary Chain.
Nothing. I just prefer the other one.
Isn't her album called Number Four With A Smile.
Hey Barry.
Where's Rob.
Uh. That's me.
Fine. That's great.
Oh well the Kinky Wizards are you know what. Why don't I just make you a tape.
Rob hi so sorry I missed your call. In LA on business. You know how it gets.
Yeah sure
Good. Great. Yeah Wow. Rob Gordon. Seems like a 100 million years ago now.
Fuck. I knew it. You're going through one of those what-does-it- all-mean things.
It's all kind of lost in the in the dense mists of time now It wasn't that I really liked Marco more. In fact I thought you were more shall we say attractive than him. It was just that he knew he was good-looking and you didn't and that made a difference somehow. You used to act as if I was weird for wanting to spend time with you and that got kind of beat if you know what I mean. Your self-image started to rub off on me and I ended up thinking that I was strange. And I knew that you were kind and thoughtful you made me laugh and I dug the way you got consumed by things you loved and Marco seemed a bit more I don't know glamorous. More sure of himself. Less hard work because I felt like I was dragging you around sort of. A little sunnier. Sparkier. I don't know. You know what people are like at that age. They make very superficial judgements. Do you think that's superficial. He was a clown if it's any consolation.
'Morning Dick.
I'm upset but I'm fine.
Shit.
Yes. Well I'm coming over to your house to get some things.
Is that right. I'd like a word with him.
What's the obvious stuff.
What.
Yeah. Great.
Fine I'm sure it's in the file at home. I'll call you when I find it and then we'll talk.
I don't have your number.
Hello.
Are you still in love with me.
You still together. Going all right.
I'll bet you can't remember what you were doing here can you. I mean how much are you making now. Sixty. Seventy. And you were living in this shitty place.
You know I'm a good person.
Okay okay. I get the picture.
You're being deliberately obtuse.
I can't talk right now.
Don't worry about it. Just get into bed. Worry about that when you're better.
Who the fuck's Pig.
I'm sorry.
Look are you coming or not.
What do you mean.
I don't know. Sometime. Later. Listen Rob would you have sex with me.
No no. It's not are you still on the pill.
Mission accomplished.
Want to know what exactly.
Because I'm not allowed to. I still do after work. So what. Should we just break up. Is that what you're saying. Because if you are I'm going to run out of patience.
Wanna go to dinner.
At Paul and Miranda's. Paul from work.
What do you ever do that can't be cancelled.
That's not the point. I mean what if the single isn't done in time.
It's no joke. I'm responsible for what happens you know. Embarrassment aside there's a lot of money and effort in this at least by my standards. I have to put down a deposit for the room. I have to pay the pressing plant for the records sleeve them sticker them 
Actually I'm fine. I'm great. Last night I got to thinking you know what. Maybe it is time to move on. Maybe we're just not right for each other. Or maybe we are. But time will tell and at this point I'm going to be fine with whatever's meant to be. You know.
What difference does it make.
Yeah.
Hello. Anybody there.
Meet a nice girl and have children. I promise the next time we talk I'll have it all sorted out.
It's the best collection I've ever seen.
Suit yourself. There are plenty of others who will.
Uh yes I like do It's simple. You make the tracks recording studio deliver them to the pressing plant where a master is cut the master is then dubbed to submasters which are the mothers as their called for each press in the plant. You press the CD's or records put in your cover art and that's it.
Wait a minute. Island Records charged U2 a million five against their overhead for one plane ride.
Dr. Kidell had a picture in his file of the funeral. The father looked just like Richard. Even had a mark on his cheek.
Mr. Congeniality. Let him find his own clues. There's a journal article in this somewhere.
Scottish claymore. Take a French epee add twenty pounds of ballast so it means business and you've got a claymore.
You're very macabre.
Then you didn't know Richard later on.
No.
Good reflexes.
I don't know what you're talking about.
He called you MacLeod.
He's dead. Whatever I may or may not feel means exceedingly little to him now.
What about me.
You've been listening to rumors.
I go my way and you can write all you want about the big bad Mr. Taupin.
It's frightening sometimes the way you talk about other people's lives.
Why are you here.
Yes.
He knows about you.
You killed those other two.
What's wrong.
It will be horrible. The future. I may die tomorrow or 10000 tomorrows. I can promise you nothing. Nothing but a moment. Maybe two. But a moment of love is that not worth a lifetime.
Aren't you getting a little old for this. You flunked out of law school.
You and I should talk first.
It's bullshit. Everything. My job the people I get involved with I'm up to here with it.
Hang on a sec you did your little favor for the boys downtown I'm sure your uncle and the rest are perfectly capable of taking it from here.
You see that desk. _Your_ desk. You see the crap piled up on it.
I haven't much to offer Mr. Romirez from Spain but you're welcome to what's here.
In my travels I heard the story of the MacLeod boy struck down and brought from the hand of death by powers not of this Earth.
What.
You will live. Survive.
Go to hell.
Impotent cow.
I feel hardly nothing.
But why be so concerned about me.
Go ahead Senor. I have my friend to keep me company.
So why the crazy talk. It's a miracle it is. Saint Andrew has smiled on me. On us.
Something pretty.
Perhaps not. You seem to have misplaced a private. No doubt by now his head is stranger to his neck.
I am a Major Private. You would do well remembering that when addressing me.
It can be different. It must be.
Your grandfather wore that in his service to the King and I to fight for the Duke.
Yeah.
Spare a chair.
I love zoos. Ever since I was a kid.
No seriously. We used to shoot pool together in Rangoon.
Long time.
Yes laddie I have her.
Two days ago a Bulgarian national was murdered the same way. He'd also been in the country less than a week. What is your citizenship.
That's none of your business.
Do you know what this is.
A claymore to be exact. You wouldn't know anything about it would you.
You're a kind man to be sure.
I thought it only proper to pay me last respects to the family.
I got my rhyming dictionary in 
Oh it isn't like that.
About twenty-five hundred dollars.
For a minute I thought maybe Walter Burns was at the back of it. But then I realized he couldn't have been.
You're Bruce Baldwin.
Feels awful good. Yes sir we're taking the four o'clock train to Albany and tomorrow we'll be married.
Well I'll try to give her one.
Well I'm independent too.
Don't thank me. I should thank you. So long.
No. Well  Johnson you're under arrest. You too Burns.
You know what. How long since we've seen each other.
Done what.
Well I meant to let you go but you know you never miss the water till the well runs dry.
That's the first time you've been right today. That's what I 
Great grief. What's that other paper going to give you.
I tried to tell you right away but you started reminiscing. I'm getting married Walter and also getting as far away from the newspaper business as I can get. I'm through.
Get married all you want to Hildy but you can't quit the newspaper business.
You can't sell me that Walter.
Where'd you meet this man.
Not what you'd call rich. Makes about five thousand a year.
The insurance business.
Tomorrow. Tomorrow as quick as that.
What for.
Well I'll tell you one thing old man she never looked at me the way she's looking at you.
What now.
Now you're talking.
I meant on my grandmother's grave. Don't be so technical Hildy. What's the story.
She jumped out of the window.
Where do you think you're going.
Get Bruce out of jail. How can you worry about a man who's resting comfortably in a quiet police station while this is going on. Hildy this is war. You can't desert now.
I get it.
How much do you want on it.
All the words you've got.
Well keep going. We want an extra out on the streets before it's too late.
Bruce. Oh er he went out to get the tickets.
Is he coming back here.
Double-crossing swine.
Bruce ought to be back by now. Walter you're not trying anything again are you.
Look at me Hildy 
Hello Eddie. Hildy Johnson. Was there an old lady brought in from an auto smashup.
Is this the Community Hospital.
Will you come here.
Oh I see. I beg your pardon.
Just until we can get out a special edition asking for your impeachment.
Don't tell me you were worried.
Well if it's my last story I'd like it to be a good one. But I guess I can't Walter.
Hildy if that's what you want all right. We'll even go to how about Niagara Falls.
Walter.
Walter you can't do that.
Yes 'Hildy darling'. I'm just a fool. That's what I am. I know what it's going to be like.
Who do you want.
Sure boss.
I mean real money not counterfeit.
He's on my phone. He just called me.
I think it is.
I can't Hildy. It means my job. It means 
You said it.
We'll have to satisfy them. What would you say to giving them a joint interview. I could give them some of the psychological aspects of the case and you could give them the legal aspects.
Well it wasn't exactly that way 
Kind of exclusive ain't you. We got calls to make you know.
Better let us in on it Mollie.
Trouble is when the Red Menace shows up the Sheriff will still be crying 'Wolf.'
Oh I'm sorry Gus. My foot must have slipped.
Now wait a minute. I'm not afraid of anything. What were you going to write about Williams.
Oh nothing much. Just that the state had proved he was sane and he admits it himself. If you don't want me to run it 
No thanks Sheriff. I'm leaving town tonight.
Take your paws off me.
What do I know about Williams.
Don't take any chances. Shoot through the desk.
What do you mean through.
Our families Fred. I've always looked on Bessie as my own sister.
What is it.
I don't know Fred. There's that reprieve if they ever find out.
Now take that guilty look off your face Pete and stop trembling like a horse.
That's a lie.
Take those handcuffs off our friends Pete. That wasn't at all necessary.
Any news.
They're very simple. I believe in the Golden Rule. I'm not the first man to die for preaching it. But if they would only listen to it we could have a fine decent world instead of this mass of hate that makes man do such cruel things.
Don't forget about production for use.
Don't talk too loud.
Wakin' me up in the middle of the night talkin' to me about things they don't understand. Callin' me a Bolshevik. I'm an anarchist. It's got nothin' to do with bombs. It's the philosophy that guarantees every man freedom. You see that don't you.
What's the idea.
The City Sealer's office.
But you could bring 'em in here. We'll pay all your expenses.
Henry Chapman's daughter. It was Sheila. I remember her from last year.
Only till they get you into the local school.
With Mrs. Evans. I hate her.
Grandpa if you think of something hard enough can you make it happen.
The Germans are dropping men on bomb sites.
Yes.
It's easy. I've done it.
They've got the real thing outside.
Where.
I don't know.
Root it out Clive the thought of it before it takes hold.
What kind of war is this Mac. Up there in Cumberland we never see an air-raid. The worst problem I have is getting a new typewriter ribbon. When I rode in against the Turks I knew what it was about.
Why not.
You always were Clive. Steady the Buffs.
And absent bridegrooms.
That's it.
This phoney war get's on my nerves. If we're going to have a war I wish they'd get it started.
You know it. It must be an old one.
Tell me the truth. You had to get married didn't you. Because of me.
I want him. I want him so much. I'll kill myself if I can't have him.
I don't believe this is happening to me.
Is it peace in out time.
It was the best time of his life.
It seems to have survived.
Remember this beach Mac. All those summers. Out two families together.
You were never apart you and Clive. He kept asking and asking. And I waited and waited for you to say something. And you never did.
You've been drinking. Your tipsy.
Yeah I know where that is it's right by my house. It's Dr. Satan's tree. I can show ya.
Deadwood is that what it's called. Cool will you show us.
OK whatever. Let's go get your brother's truck. Faster we get the truck faster we get out of here.
He left.
Hey um what kind of animal is that.
No. He's one of God's creatures he can't help it if he's dumb I'm just crazy about animals.
What.
He walks duh.
Yeah well we like to get fucked up and do fucked up shit you know what I mean.
Yeah yeah I like to fuck shit up.
Great story Goober how much.
The Duke.
If we're talking cute like regular cute I'd say Leslie Van Houton but cute ain't hot.
Dude talk about baggage that ain't no carry-on shit that's some heavy duty Samsonite shit.
Yeah I guess hot chicks are always nuts.
Shit we really need to find some gas.
Oh yeah I remember now.
Didn't look like chicken to me more like fried pussy cat.
Yeah maybe R.J. could just tow us and our car to the nearest garage.
Sounds like a magical trip through the heartland.
What'd you see who was she with where were they going.
Yeah they weren't here but a few minutes didn't really have time to get as up close and personal as I do with most of the assholes that wander through here.
How's about you give me those same directions.
I I got back a stack today. Some nice shots. See a good topless June Wilkinson unfortunately she personalized it to Stucky love June.
Naw he don't do anything else with 'em but he did get caught once with a Planet of the Apes doll hanging out his asshole.
Huh.
Ugh what's that smell.
Fuck it's freezing.
Yeah.
These dates perfectly correspond with the time frame of our beloved Dr. Satan working at the looney bin. I'll bet he amputated her arms.
Hey I'm just waiting for Cousin Itt to show up.
I don't know I think he's funny.
Well don't take too long the kids are already knocking down the door demanding their sugar fix I know I know I forgot to mention that Halloween falls on a school night so they're trick or treating tonight I got the joint decked out this year built a graveyard in the front yard like when you were a kid.
God I hate falling asleep in the afternoon. Now I'll be up all night ugh my back is killing me.
Geez he never gets tired does he.
Shhhhhh quiet.
I still don't.
Jesus Christ.
A couple hours.
What'd we here Georgie.
And I'm gonna help put the razor blades in the candy apples.
I'm gonna go ask him.
Where's Bill.
This can't be real this can't be real this can't be real.
What are you doing. no stop please please.
Please could I please come in and talk to you for a minute. Maybe you could take a better look at the picture might stir up something.
What should I do.
Fit the profile.
Fuck go to the car call for backup. Tell 'em officer down.
Yes sir.
Well all we know is the kids were headed out to a spot the locals call Deadwood to play Nancy Drew with some local legend about this character everybody calls Dr. Satan.
What about the body you found.
Lila what are you doing in there. I need to get ready for my date.
Yeah Natalie. It's hair. It grows.
Like father like son.
Oh Doctor. I did not know. I'm sorry to disturb you. I just came for some papers I left.
Is everything fine.
Oui.
Maybe we should just sit for a while. It's very peaceful.
Really. No. Not at all. You're a very pretty girl. You should know that. You should be confident.
What is it.
Call you back. You bastard. What do you want.
Please. Just one minute of your time.
A penny for your thoughts mon cheri.
I want to be the way I was before.
You still in the market for a real boy.
Cause there's this guy. My brother knows him. Might be right up your alley.
Well he wasn't really a midget. He was on the cusp of midgethood. That's what made it cheap. Had he been an actual midget there would've been nothing cheap about it my dear.
Rose please go away.
Oh Rosie.
Meditations on a Banana Slug was a delightful read.
It looks wonderful.
You really enjoy my company.
It's just that I have some peculiarities and
I think I'll get Johannsen in chemistry on that. Oh. Did you bring the first aid kit.
He looks perfectly fine.
Mad. I'm I'm disgusted.
Cruddy okay. Are you satisfied.
Yes. And I want to help. You won't have to pay me and I was thinking of giving up that crazy nature writing anyway.
I think he's ready.
That's funny because you know I just went and picked him up at some flophouse on the lower eastside. He called here when he ran out of his mad money after spending an entire evening drinking watching strippers and fucking a whore. Oh and what did you do tonight honey.
This is great Puff. You're doing fine.
Extra dessert.
Unka unka unka unka unka.
I just think it might be important to explore your feelings for Lila.
Thanks. Sure is a hot day for driving. Late afternoon is better. You guys have plenty of time. Make Pittsburgh in two maybe three hours.
About sixty seventy bucks.
You want a chaser.
Give me a bottle of beer.
It always takes me a little while to get a name fixed in my mind. Are you sure you don't want anything.
You bastard.
In a little while. That's what you want isn't it.
That's the way it's done.
Could be.
Have you noticed Bert. This fellow here bears a striking resemblance to you. It seems as though you might have modeled for the artist.
Yeah. Why.
Whaddya been so far.
Eddie you're a born loser.
What's that supposed to mean.
Wait a minute. Maybe I can help you.
That's a that's a pretty big slice. Who do you think you are General Motors.
You saw me beat Minnesota Fats for eighteen thousand dollars.
I'm already rich. But I like action. That's one thing I think you're good for is action. Besides like I say you got talent.
The first match I got in mind for you is in Louisville Kentucky.
I been thinking.
C'mon Bert. Let me play him.
'Bout even.
When do I raise the bet.
I can beat him Bert. Now he suckered me 'cause he knows how to hustle. I didn't think he did. But I can outplay him. I can beat him.
It's a long walk.
Aaaahhhh.
The expensive kind.
You know what I mean. You couldn't make that shot again in a million years.
Up the flagpole with the convention. C'mon Charlie. You're into me now. I got my money on the table.
Don't be a chump. Don't bet any more money on that damn fool shot.
Hello Eddie's girl I looked all over for you.
Oh don't play it small Charlie. It don't look good on you.
Oh you crumb. With that fifteen hundred I coulda beat him. That's all I needed Charlie.
You still don't see it do you Charlie. You are nothing but a small- time Charlie. You'd love to keep me hustling for you huh. Wouldn't ya. I mean a couple more years with me scuffling around them little towns and those back alleys. You might make yourself enough to get a little poolroom back in Oakland. Six tables and a handbook on the side. Is that when you say goodbye to me Charlie.
And I you. I think I've heard about you Mr. Felson. You play pocket billiards don't you.
That's right. When.
Ah that's unfortunate Mr. Felson.
Half and a dollar.
Hi.
You wanna raise the bet. Two on the five five on the nine.
Same reason you went: at that hour of the morning you haven't much choice. Besides I only live three blocks from there. Where do you live.
Do you always ask so many questions.
Eddie. The name is Eddie.
No.
I'm not sure I don't know.
Take your choice. I've got enough so we won't have to go out of the house till Tuesday.
What happened.
Well what else does.
I love you.
Oh I don't know.
Oh grow up.
I'd know it Eddie. I'd know. For God's sakes what are you trying to do to me. I love you.
Don't wear a mask Eddie. You don't have to. That's Turk Eddie the man who broke your thumbs. Only he's not going to break your thumbs. He'll break your heart your guts. And for the same reason 'cause he hates you 'cause of what you are. 'Cause of what you have and he hasn't.
Hundred dollars.
Boy he is great. Jeez that old fat man. Look at the way he moves. Like a dancer.
Fats look I got about two hundred dollars here. You can't run out on me.
I came to play pool Fats.
You think I am I'm  an animal.
Do you remember where it is.
What.
Mine.
You want me to stay.
Do you still want me to stay.
You built things.
Is the hill ours too.
Why Dad.
I had an awful dream.
You know it really is beautiful up there. Let me show you. We'll take a walk after dinner.
I'm not particularly interested <u>Ms.</u> Magnuson in what you think is correct. My wife and I are going away on a business trip this afternoon and we want Jimmy with us. Keep him in your office until we arrive.
How did it get Mrs. McKeltch.
Behind my house up on the ridge.
But you saw the men go under the sand 
It's really nice of you to help us.
I wish I could do more but we're moving out.
I've worked with embedded loading. They're communicating with a hidden signal. They're going to attack
Did it work.
What the hell is the point of having a beeper if you don't turn it on.
Tell her to get the kids and leave town.
Remember I told you that the signal hidden within our satellite signal is slowly recycling down to extinction.
And you're going to educate them. Tell me something you're so smart how come you spent eight years at M.I.T. to become a cable repairman.
This pops is every phone book in America.
Dad please
This I can see.
Sir what happens if they do become hostile.
But Mr. President
My God the Vice President and the Joint Chiefs
This is ridiculous.
You know you're not as charming as you think you are.
Sorry for what.
Was his father stationed here.
No. Exotic.
Stop it.
He's got that SEGA Saturn CD 64 bit right.
But I gave you some this morning.
They let you out.
How' he doing.
Above American soil.
Call them back.
What can you tell us about the enemy we're facing.
Here now.
Many worlds
Oh Sallah. What a relief.
Marcus. I did it.
You know how long I've been looking for that.
It's Dad's Grail Diary. Every clue he ever followed. Every discovery he made. A complete record of his search for the Holy Grail. This is his whole life. Why would he have sent this to me.
Look what you did.
No Henry. Try not to talk.
Well it's sandstone. Christian symbol. Early Latin text. Mid-Twelfth Century I should think.
I'm through.
Doctor Jones.
I usually don't either.
But I'm already sad by tomorrow it will have faded.
Except he's lost and I'm not.
Pagan symbols. Fourth or Fifth Century.
Elsa. Elsa don't move.
you did it.
And the chair.
My Diary's in Berlin.
Booby traps.
Well I'm as human as the next man.
I was the next man.
What does that mean.
I didn't know you could fly a plane.
Dad.
Junior give me your other hand. I can't hold on.
Elsa never really believed in the Grail. She thought she'd found a prize.
Ready.
Get that camel out of the way.
My father was looking for the Holy Grail. Did you kill him too.
This is your last chance.
And why were you trying to kill me.
They will escort you to your rooms now. You will be provided with fresh clothes. Tonight you will be dining with His Highness.
Dr. Jones we are all vulnerable to vicious rumors. I seem to remember that in Honduras you were accused of being a grave robber rather than a scientist.
The newspapers exaggerated the incident.
And didn't the Sultan of Madagascar threaten to cut your head off if you ever returned to his country.
Next time I'll cut off more than his finger.
You were caught trying to steal the Sankara Stones.
Was the stone very smooth. It was probably brought here from a sacred river.
I'll take the extra ticket. Where's this plane going anyway.
India
And then they took their children.
Don't let it pull you deeper.
Don't let it curl around you.
Shorty's family was killed when they bombed Shanghai. He was living on the streets.
Yeah but he's got to be dead and buried for a couple of thousand years. Fortune and glory
You're nice. Listen I'm taking applications how'd you like to be my palace slave.
You want me so bad why don't you invite me.
A fulcrum release lever.
So now they believe me.
Give me your hat
My name is AL.
Arrrgh.
Yes.
You're in my head. You don't know my name.
Where are we.
You're in my head you can talk to me and hear what I say but you can't see anything.
Kind of an oversight wouldn't you say.
I don't know what you're talking about.
What for.
Why he's argumentative.
Anyone there.
I don't wanna be you. I wanna go home.
Send a man there. A secret agent.
We get on a plane.
I can't do that.
What's wrong with how I carry myself.
Nothing but it's yours. Change it. Change your whole persona.
Oh yeah to what.
It's sand.
What. What do you mean.
Which language.
What.
Where is she staying.
It worked.
Now where would I be.
Follow that busboy.
I don't know what's going on.
They're all in it.
You been had. We have.
You found her.
Follow her.
Just stay here and rest.
What are you doing. Wait a minute. Lets think this through.
What are you doing.
I can't see a thing.
I've got an idea.
You sure this will work.
Well.
The man we want has the PEM and is across the border by now.
Rene.
She works for them.
I know it's no good. I've no right to be jealous.
She's so lovely. It's all my faultI was wrong.
I don't know how we're gonna get out of this but we will somehow.
GO-TOE. It's some islands.
Now remember your short term memory may have been affected.
What.
How do I look.
Don't you want to get out.
Why don't you lie down until you feel better.
Joe.
Ahhhnothing.
Was quite excited when he came in
YesWhat is it.
What did you say.
Blake said that.
And you.
You again.
I waited for you.
But I don't listenthen I'd be crazy.
There's not much to tell.
You know where he went.
He must be a good friend.
We figure out if it's in here.
How.
Where what.
Why not.
Yes. No. I'mokay. They can't do this. They can't hold us here.
Now what.
Why did you then.
How.
Do something.
Someone is selling. You followed us. If it's not him it must be you. If it's not you it must be him You scared him off.
This the only spare.
It doesn't hurt.
What'd he say how's he know about Al.
Look nobody knows we did it.
Instant rice.
Sure. Where.
Well it's authoritative and is overwhelmingly documented.
Alright alright.
Can I go to dance tomorrow. I'm better
Oh no of course they're not influenced by money. They work for free. And you are a Volunteer Executive Producer.
So what are you going to do.
What does it look like I'm doing. I'm editing.
What caliber is my gun.
Yes I do. A .38 Target Master. In my gun safe downstairs. A .45 Gold Cup. A .22 target pistol. So what.
Is CBS corporate telling CBS News do not go to air with this story.
Okay. Lowell.
Hey it doesn't work. You've burned your bridges man.
That's my stuff from the office
No classes this morning.
Two p.m. Great. Bye-bye.
Well I'm working with someone now who was the former head of research at Brown & Williamson a former corporate officer there.
Well it isn't cigarettes are bad for you
I'm going to tell you why. Because when I tell someone I'm going to do something I deliver.
Oh how fortunate I am to have Lowell Bergman's moral tutelage to point me down the shining path. To show me the way.
That Canada story. Still interest you.
Yeah Thank you.
Far as you go where.
Doesn't CBS have confidentiality agreements Mr. Bergman.
Did work.
To straighten something out with you. Right here. Right now.
How did Brown & Williamson know I spoke to you.
You came all the way down here to tell me that.
Talk to me outside the zone of your agreement.
Like where'd you work before Brown & Williamson.
Johnson & Johnson. Union Carbide in Japan. I was general manager and director of new products. I speak Japanese. I was a director of corporate development at Pfizer. All health-related. What else. Outside the zone.
The new place. New.
How'd you know that Lowell.
Hello. You there
You charge by the hour.
I believe that. Yes I believe that.
You attract a crowd.
I told the truth.
Yes. Did you lie about being on the American Judo Team in the Olympics.
Where are you anyway.
I can't say that.
Jeffrey how are you. How's the family okay.
And that's what cigarettes are for.
The straw that broke the camel's back for me and really put me in trouble with Sandefur was a compound called coumarin. When I came on board at B&W they had tried to transition from coumarin to a similar flavor that would give the same taste and had been unsuccessful. I wanted it out immediately. I was told that it would affect sales so I should mind my own business. I constructed a memo to Mr. Sandefur indicating I could not in conscience continue with coumarin in a product that we now knew we had documentation was similar to coumadin a lung-specific carcinogen
Most certainly.
My co-counsel Ron Motley and I have filed a lawsuit against the tobacco industry on behalf of the State of Mississippi to get the state reimbursed Medicaid costs for treating people with smoking-related illness. If you'd be interested in talking to us we'd certainly like to talk to you
Okay. I don't believe you can maintain corporate integrity without confidentiality agreements. I was paid well for my work. The health and welfare benefits are good. The severance package is fair. I have no intention of violating my confidentiality agreement and disclosing that which I said I wouldn't.
Oh. Right. Won't you have a seat.
What a touching story.
Well at the moment that'd be me.
Who do you want me to kill.
Well actually all whores worship the dollar if you want to get technical.
We did not.
You were going to be a Cardiac Surgeon. I was going to clerk for the Supreme Court.
Got any symptoms.
Yes. The inability to experience pleasure.
Marylin Rexroth. She came into my office and signed a pre-nup with Howard Doyle.
Is she Asian.
Who was that.
No.
Maybe she wanted a free trip to LA. Maybe they offered her money. Massey is very seductive. Who knows.
I assume this is on Rex.
Did you see the tape.
I'll have the tournedos of beef. And the lady will have the same. I assume you're a carnivore.
Getting married.
Miles. Miles. Miles.
To victory.
I don't feel victorious Miles. I feel betrayed abandoned and humiliated. I have pictures of him with another woman
More pictures. My God Marylin. You can open an erotic art gallery.
Miles.
I'm sorry Miles. You shouldn't listen to me. I'm sure you have a very fulfilling life. I'd better go. I'm depressing.
Yes Miles. I accept.
Do you want to sleep on it.
Hardly. You have six bedrooms
Hi.
Please. Leave the house.
So did I. Now pack up a few basics and 
Wait. He works for YOU.
Hard to believe this is the way it will end up for us.
He told me to he said he wanted me to 
He never even asked. He just assumed 
Do you know him.
I don't know what his game is. He dismissed every one of Ruth's proposals. And Sarah we weren't unreasonable.
That stinks. They left you with absolutely nothing. It makes you wonder about the entire legal system. Like Rodney King.
Nothing specific but I'll have my own place soon.
You're not
Soon you'll have your own rage.
You're Miles Massey. You probably don't recognize me. The drugs made me put on weight and grow facial hair.
Marylin Rexroth. When does she 
 So much for the icebreakers. What're you after Ruth.
Why only fifty percent Ruth. Why not ask for a hundred percent.
No. Not exactly. It didn't exactly cool. Marylin is a knock-out. And very sexy but there's a lot of it out there.
I don't know. I can assume
And she had private investigators assisting her.
She brought my digestive enzymes.
Am I mentoring the wrong mentee.
Three is not Farrow.
don't know. I'd have to see on what you base your claim. I presume you feel you're justified in—
Yes I know—but—
Smart aren't you. So subtle.
South America.
You'll never do it. You can't do it.
What've you got against King Westley.
You're going to finance him I suppose.
Please don't shout.
What's the matter Ellie. What's wrong.
Well what are we going to do about it. Where is he.
Yes I guess I have. I don't want to hurt anybody any more. I want to get away from all this front page publicity. It suddenly strikes me as being cheap and loathsome. I can't walk out on King now. It'll make us all look so ridiculous. Besides what difference does it make. I'll never see Peter again.
Looks like that was his only interest in me. The reward.
Are you going to see him.
I suppose so.
Been sending her meals in regularly.
Ellie. Oh she's no responsibility.
Why it'll make all the front pages. A spectacular thing like that—
Oh yeah.
What happened.
That cadaverous-looking yegg who sat in front of us just up and took it. Boy how that baby can run.
I'll report it to the driver. About your bag I mean.
Yes.
You're doing a pretty sloppy job of it. Here's your ticket.
Of course I do. What do you mean—
A dollar sixty. You had four dollars last night. How do you expect to get to New York at the rate you're going.
Yeah. I got a name. Peter Warne.
You'll find the showers—and things—right back of the second cottage.
Well I hope you're not going to dictate whom I can talk to.
Nope. No complaints.
Why you don't have to apologize Mr. Warne. You'll never know how much I appreciate all this.
King—King Westley was in it.
That's Father at work What'll I do. Peter what'll I do.
You don't have to lose your temper. That's what you told me the last time too. Every time I step in to protect you. At the Elk's dance[7] when that big Swede made a pass at you—
Oh you are. Who made you the manager.
Never. I'll get to New York if I have to starve all the way.
Must be some strange power Westley has over you women. How do you expect to get there.
Aren't you afraid of me.
I wish you'd stop being playful.
And rich people have none of those qualifications I suppose.
I don't want it now.
Carrots.
What about money.
That's swell.
Why don't you stay and watch the fun. You'll enjoy it immensely.
Compared to you my friend Shapeley's an amateur. Whatever gave you an idea you can get away with this. You're positively the most conceited—
In about fifteen minutes.
What's the matter. Where's your husband young lady—
Why he'll be back.
Seems to me you're doing excellently without any assistance.
Yes.
Hey—you not up yet. Come on—come on.
What's 'at.
Did you know he reversed the charges on that call.
A thousand dollars. Get out of this office before I throw you out bodily.
To tear down the Walls of Jericho.
I'd put you there myself.
When you sober up—come in and see me.
Listen man—I'll tell you what I'll do. When I come back in the morning I'll buy it back from you and give you ten dollars profit. What do you say.
ain't got a hat—
Yeah.
Yeah. You know one of those toy things. They sent me to the store to get it.
Then—you'll have to git .
Huh.
If you wanna get anywhere nowadays you gotta keep in touch with all the news is what I always say.
That's right.
Susie watch the language would you please.
Well what do you expect from a pig but a grunt.
Did you speak to Oswald in Dallas.
Hell no. I told this Bertrand cat right off this isn't my scene man. I deal with muni court I'm a hack in nigger town that kid needs a hot dog.
The fact is he's gone chief and so's our case.
Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw. The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart.
And that's where you met Oswald for the first time.
What the hell's a Communist like Lee Oswald doing working out of Banister's.
I'll go you one better. Maybe Oswald didn't even pull the trigger Bill. The nitrate test indicates he didn't even fire a rifle on November 22nd. And on top of that they didn't even bother to check if the rifle had been fired that day.
No I did not.
No I did not.
Dave.
Yeah you got it. Since you're the only straight shooter in that fuckin' office I'd like an answer from you. Did you plant it.
I'm sure you've seen this. Perhaps you knew this man under another name.
What was so appealing about Houston.
Get some rest Dave and you'll feel better in the morning. We'll talk then.
There were admirals.
Jesus Ed from time immemorial it's been standard booking procedure to ask an alias. You know that. There's no constitutional requirement that says a lawyer has to be present for routine questions.
I'm scared.
Well if they can kill the President they can certainly get me.
He kept trying to get me to change my story about the shots. He was getting hot under the collar and telling the woman not to write when he wanted.
Don't get sidetracked. How does he get back to the States. That's the point. Does he have any problems.
I don't believe it.
No. Never heard of him.
I would imagine a uniformed waiter helps.
Mrs. Mercer as a former FBI man it's difficult to accept this.
I can't believe a man as intelligent as Earl Warren ever read what's in those volumes.
Jim what is going on for heaven's sake. You going to stay up all night every night. For what. So you'll be the only man in America who read the entire 26 volumes of the Warren Report.
That sounds dandy but it doesn't replace a father and a husband on Easter Day.
Nothing is going to happen to you. I won't let it.
That's not why I'm attacking him. You don't believe me - all this time you never believed me.
He won and they killed Robert Kennedy. They shot him down.
One little guy with a cheap rifle - look what he can do.
I never could figure out why this guy orders a traceable weapon to that post office box when you can go into any store in Texas give a phony name and walk out with a cheap rifle which can never be traced.
General Charles Cabell. Deputy Director of the CIA. Fired by Kennedy in '61 because of the Bay of Pigs fiasco he moved back to the Pentagon called Kennedy a traitor. When he came to New Orleans to address the Foreign Policy Association you know who introduced him. Our friend Clay Shaw.
Allen Dulles.
I will not have any damned ultimatums put to me Lou. I'll accept your resignation.
I sometimes feel things've gone downhill since John Kennedy was killed Senator.
Some people would say you're paranoid.
Kings are killed Mr. Garrison. Politics is power nothing more. But don't believe me. Don't trust me. Do your own work your own thinking.
Any chance of one of them confessing someday.
don't think so. When they start to drool they get rid of 'em. These guys are proud of what they did. They did Dealey Plaza. They took out the President of the United States. That's entertainment. And they served their country doing it.
got promoted to two stars but he was never military you know always CIA. Went to Vietnam lost his credibility when we got beat over there retired lives in Virginia. I say hello to him when I see him at the supermarket
I don't know if I should talk about this.
If you buy what you read in the paper.
Anyone else involved at Banister's level.
Yeah. That's it. I don't know. Maybe it wasn't. I gotta go.
Less than you would guess. Most days two to three assistant D.A.'s. A handful of police investigators.
And what would I have to do.
Hello. Is this Jim Garrison's daughter.
I need some information from you then. How old are you.
No that could not be done Mr. Ruby. There are a good many things involved in that.
Can I help you.
Tomorrow I'll talk to your probation officer. Karen's a good kid but she's mad at you because you lied to her. This business about your grandmother's funeral
Won't forget.
How old is that machine gun shit.
Naw man. I gotta be someplace. I was kinda hopin you could come with me.
Well I'm sorry man but I ain't gittin' in that trunk.
I ain't doin' you no way. I just ain't climbin' in that trunk. I got a problem with small places.
Does he have the marked bills on him.
She wants to make a deal.
You have the right to say no. And I have the right to make you wait here with Ray while I go get a warrant. And if I don't want to go through all that trouble I could just take you in on suspicion.
My pocketbook.
What's in it.
Let me have a word outside with Agent Nicolet for a moment.
What's her name.
Can I see your I.D.
Can we stop for cigarettes.
It's okay. It's a cop hangout.
Is it dark.
What's your brand.
Davidoffs. I get 'em in Mexico. They're hard to find here. I was locked up with the last two getting legal advice from a woman who was in for bustin' her boyfriend's head open with a baseball bat.
What have they told you.
What did they want to know.
With ten thousand. Nine.
Whatever it was had to fit in my bag and not hit you in the face if the bag was opened. This ain't solvin' my problem. I gotta figure out a way to either keep my job or get out of trouble. I'm off today but if I can't leave the country I'm out of a job. And if I don't got a job I can't hire a lawyer.
If you're having some.
He called you.
Why.
Well hello.
I'm old enough to be her father.
They seem to like the idea.
Make the delivery somewhere in the mall.
Right around here in the food court.
I'm helping him bring his money into America. He loves the idea. You just missed him.
He was here.
Has he hinted around.
He weren't bullshittin' either 'cause later he was suspended and forced to retire.
What do you do when he comes home.
Which one.
Well you know I'm not going to show him the whole amount. He'll see fifty thousand.
That's why A.T.F.'s gotta make the case. I'm their witness. They wouldn't have a case without me. If it's his word against mine who are they gonna believe.
So how do we give Ordell to Nicolet.
Uh-huh.
Only this isn't a bail bond Max.
I'm fifty-five-years old. I can't blame anybody for anything I do.
Oh Miss Brown.
We'll just be a minute.
How can you help us.
And splittin' with her.
She told you that.
You didn't. I would think with all this on your mind you'd wait till after.
We had our agent on you. She sees a blonde come out of the fitting room carrying a Robinson's/May bag and tussle with a tough-looking white guy. The white guy takes the shopping bag and they go.
Sure.
You know how easy it would be. He won't be anywhere near that mall. Pull one more switch up front. That's it. Half-a-million dollars. Need help.
It looks good on you.
What the hell you doin'.
Now baby that's got nothin' to do with you. I just carry that. You been listenin' to them cops too much.
Baby I ain't come here She shoves both guns in Ordell's back.
Baby I didn't 
If you want.
But you don't.
Uh-huh.
What'd you care.
Designer clothes.
Where you gonna be during all this.
Max Cherry. You and him friends now. You tell him about this shit.
I was pretty much the same height now as I was then.
With Ordell.
You been to Japan.
You lived in Japan when.
Yeah that really hit the spot.
Is it dead.
See what did I tell you. Man in New York wants a 9 millimeter Smith and Wesson Model 5946. Why does he want it. It's the gun that nigga on New York Undercover uses. Because of that nigga I can sell it to this nigga for twelve-fifty.
Sure.
What's your relationship.
I still don't understand why you keep her around.
Uh-huh.
When I see you. Pick me up at Sam's. You count the money.
So what you left her there.
Couldn't talk to her.
You couldn't just hit her.
How much it there.
How long was she in there.
Where you shot her.
If there were nothin; in here but towels maybe she didn't get a chance to take it from her suitcase and A.T.F. got it. But she put these fuckin' books in here to trick our ass.
I didn't really think anything of it. No I did wonder what he was doing there but didn't think it had anything to do with us. You know like maybe he was there with his wife or girlfriend.
Hell yes they know each other. He bonded her out of county.
How can I help you.
Yeah.
So you want a ten-thousand dollar bond. What've you got for collateral.
You don't say.
Possession of unregistered machine guns.
Across the street a Great Western. It goes in a trust account. You'll need to fill out an Application for Appearance Bond an Indemnity Agreement a Contingent Promissory Note. That's the one if Beaumont skips and I go after him you pay the expenses.
That's what the police thought. I told them I'm unemployed how could I have anybody work for me. Now I bail out Jackie I'm liable to have the police on me again huh. Wanting to know was she doing things for me was she bringing me that money.
Was she.
Why would a stewardess bring me fifty grand.
Man you need to look at this with a little compassion. Jackie ain't no criminal. She ain't used to this kinda treatment. I mean gangsters don't give a fuck but for the average citizen coupla nights in County fuck with your mind.
Falsely accused of Intent. If she had that shit and mind you I said if it was just her shit to get high with.
Where is it.
You still there.
How the fuck did he find me.
She wants to give it to you herself and collect her ten percent. She also wants to explain why she had to hold on to it.
Jackie didn't trust Melanie. She'd already tried to get Jackie to go in with her split the half million amongst themselves. What she did was take quite a risk to see you get your money.
It's in the safe. She can't get at it.
I know where it is.
She starts givin' me some bullshit about it ain't there. It's somewhere else and we can go get it. I'm shootin' you in the head right then and there. Then I'm gonna shoot her in the kneecap find out where my godamn money is. I go walkin' in there and that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there you're the first man shot understand what I'm sayin'.
Dead. No. I just hurt my back. I'm not dead.
No thanks.
Well how do I look.
You have an unusual hand.
Hello.
Maybe there's a larger truth.
Gabe. What are you doing .
It was the window.
I am.
You need a doctor.
I'll tell you what's gotten into me. I don't know you from Adam right. You come to my office with this bizarro story and demand I look into it. Okay. I said I'd check it out and I did. Now I don't know what kind of fool you take me for but you have used and abused me and I don't like it.
What the hell is that supposed to mean.
We should get ourselves a lawyer.
Come on Jake. That didn't hurt.
Who.
She says she can't get them new coats because you haven't sent the alimony for three months.
What. She threw me out remember. She wanted some professor to carry her far away from Brooklyn. Only we didn't make it. She can't forgive me that she still lives in the same house she grew up in.
Her problem is that you spent eight years getting a PhD and then went to work for the post office.
If it was any other brain but yours I might agree. Relax this is going to be strong.
The postal service. I'm a mailman.
And how is your wife. Sarah no.
No. I see them.
Christ I know how it sounds.
Carlson. Is he new here.
What's your name.
Of course not. You have all the blankets. It must be ten degrees in here. I'm telling you Sarah if you want to sleep with fresh air you sleep on the fire escape. From now on that window is closed.
The room.
And where do you think Jezebel comes from.
I don't let anybody call me that.
You sold your soul remember. That's what you told me.
I must have been out of my head.
What do you mean you can see.
I don't know. One of these days I'm gonna see Louis. My back's killing me.
It's still there Jake. Even if you never say a word about it. You can't spend two years in Vietnam 
Demons Jake. Come on. They're winos and bag ladies. Low life. That's all they are. The streets are crawling with 'em. Don't make em into somethin' they're not. It's the pressure honey. That's all it is.
What'd the doctor say.
Look at me. I'm ice cold.
Jake. You're gonna be all right Jake. You're gonna be fine.
Are we in Brooklyn.
What's he talking about.
Who else were you expecting.
Me neither.
I want to go with you Jake. Wherever you go.
I can waitress. I'm good.
Bullshit.
Where are they.
Why won't you answer me.
You've lived with me for two years.
That doesn't mean shit. Where do you come from huh. And I don't mean Indiana.
What'd you do that for. It's an in- teresting story. All these people are still disappearing. Right off the street. Hey what's wrong. Are you all right.
This isn't happening.
No shit. They had me by the balls. Next thing I know I'm in Saigon in a secret lab synthesizing mind- altering drugs. Not the street stuff mind you. They had us isolating special properties. The dark side you know. They wanted a drug that increased aggressive tendencies.
If you knew why didn't you say anything.
Never.
I don't know.
They're awfully heavy.
Hot. Where do I sign.
That's some gash. His guts keep spilling out.
Dream on.
That's some gash. His guts keep spilling out.
I'll page him.
Paul Gruneger.
Paul. You son-of-a-bitch how the hell are you. I haven't seen you in what five six years.
No joke. Fuckin' army. That goddamn war. I'm still fightin' it.
I'm not sure where I can talk anymore.
Let's get a couple drinks okay. Hey take a look behind us. Do you think that car is followin' us.
Who Paul. What exactly .
I don't know what to do.
They keep telling me I'm already dead that they're gonna tear me apart piece by piece and throw me into the fire. I carry these everywhere but they don't help. Nothing helps. Everyone thinks I'm crazy. My mother filed a report with the army.
Last month before Thanksgiving.
He doesn't like it.
On top of him.
Yes it does.
It's locked.
We can't lead him into the other hull.
Damnit to hell you left me back there to die.
Sergeant.
Hey. I'm not ready.
Where is.
I'd say we have about ten minutes tops.
Hurry.
It bought us some time.
My job.
Report to weapons. We're going on a hunt.
Give me a break. What happened.
I couldn't save them.
Okay good tip.
Well I mean technically you are old enough to be my great great great
What about the others. Shouldn't we wait.
God damnit. Will you stop doing that.
We must assume the machete was an intricate part of the game of hockey.
Thinking with your dick again Delongpre.
Oh shit. He's going to see us.
Hey teach. This rock's starting to freeze. Get your ass back hre.
Look ice chip why don't you just chill out and let us handle this.
I don't knowsorry.
Robot huh.
I missed you too.
Yo Teach what the fuck.
What
Trust me. I'm bypassing regular channels. See what kind of payday we're looking at.
Where Who I'm alive. You brought me back.
Nanotechnology.
What good will that do.
You're not going to the ocean with that are you son.
Just a favor for your old man.
Hey. Knock it off. I don't want to have to listen to this while we're out there
What do you mean 'We.'
It's my charter. My party.
You got it.
The wire's showing.
What's that one there.
He's trying to sink us.
Oh yeah. How do I look. Older huh.
Love ya.
Now tell me something I don't know.
Why not Larry. We could get a positive confirmation that way.
What's that.
If you're looking for a shark you don't look on land. You go out and chum for him.
Why don't we just tow it in.
What's that a ship.
Get out of there – take these back to the office and make up some 'Beach Closed' signs and let Polly do the printing.
I wouldn't put it that way. But I love sharks.
Take my car okay. You come with us Lenny.
Hello Junior. What are you. Some kind of half-assed astronaut. Jesus Christ when I was a kid every little squirt wanted to be a harpooner or a sword fisherman. What d'ya have there a portable shower.
Anti-Shark cage.
Sick vandalism. Brody that's a deliberate mutilation of a public service message. I want those little paint-happy bastards caught and hung up by their baby Buster Browns.
Thanks for the message.
Hey Bleek.
My mom uses color-safe bleach.
I'm real sorry I had sex with you. I know it wasn't your idea.
Sorry Bleek Going for my ultrasound. Gotta note and everything.
I asked my dad and Bren not to narc us out to your folks so we should be safe.
I totally heard you did.
Leah just told me you were going with her.
You're mad. Why are you mad.
Not this time. You don't have any reason to be mad at me. You broke my heart. I should be royally ticked at you man. I should be really cheesed off. I shouldn't want to talk to you anymore.
Because they're your fave. And you can never have too much of your favorite one-calorie breath mint.
You know I've been thinking. I'm really sorry I was such a huge bitch to you. You didn't deserve that. You never deserve any of the poo I unload on you.
Here is the church and here is the steeple. We sure are cute for two ugly people. I don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you.
Hey man.
Just like our moms and teachers.
What are you talking about.
Oh God
First things first we have to get you healthy. You need prenatal vitamins. Incidentally they'll do incredible things for your nails so that's a plus. Oh and we need to schedule a doctor's appointment. Find out where you're going to deliver.
I'm a junior.
No I mean in your pregnancy.
Something happened. Because your eyes. Are very cold. They're very cold Josh. They're cold lying eyes.
Good. Call me when you're OFF the rag.
Did your wife send you up here to spy on me.
Oh.
What is that Mahogany. What happens if you crack the neck.
Oh.
Have you seen those ads for Titanium Power men's deodorant.
Titanium Power. Get more snatch by the batch.
Can you tell if it's a boy or a girl.
This album is all Carpenters covers by alt-rock bands. It's called If I Were a Carpenter. It is God. I'll rip a copy for you before you leave.
Oh yeah. It's Herschel Gordon Lewis. He's the ultimate master of horror.
God pretentious much. I guess everyone should have a mysterious name like Juno huh.
Uh thanks.
Wow. That shirt is working hard.
Oh Mark. Is this the baby's room. It's beautiful.
Wow I actually feel like less of a fat dork now.
I'm leaving Vanessa.
No.
But I thought you'd be cool if
A baby is not going to fix everything. Besides I don't know if I'm ready to be a father.
But you're old.
I don't know. I just liked being your friend. I sort of liked becoming furniture in your weird life.
No thanks. I'm off pills.
Wise move. I know this girl who had a huge crazy freakout because she took too many behavioral meds at once. She took off her clothes and jumped into the fountain at Ridgedale Mall and she was like Blaaaaah. I'm a kraken from the sea.
I heard that was you.
I'll get drinks. What would everyone like. I've got Pellegrino Vitamin Water
No thank you. I'm off sex.
They say they're going to pay my medical expenses and everything. I promise this will all be resolved in thirty-odd weeks and we can pretend it never happened.
She's joking. Junebug has a wonderful sense of humor which is just one of her many genetic gifts.
Hey big puffy version of Junebug. Where have you been.
Bren took Liberty Bell to her tot ice skating class.
You mean like couples.
Well it's kind of skanky. Isn't that what you girls call it. Skanky. Skeevy.
Maybe you're having twins. Maybe your little boyfriend's got mutant sperms and he knocked you up twice.
So what's the prognosis Fertile Myrtle. Minus or plus.
Yo-yo-yiggity-yo.
When did you decide you were going to do Bleeker.
I'm staying pregnant Le.
What does that even mean. Anyway I got to thinking on the way over. I was thinking maybe I could give the baby to somebody who actually likes that kind of thing. You know like a woman with a bum ovary or something. Or some nice lesbos.
That's her. That's Vanessa Loring.
You sound shocked or something.
Almost eight. You wouldn't believe how weird I look naked.
You're doing an amazing and selfless thing for us.
Well I wanted to pick something gender-neutral for now. Once we get the baby God willing we can create a more decisive palette.
Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral. I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.
I don't know. There's just things I still want to do.
Looks like it yeah.
You can forget about 'em forever and then look at 'em and they're doin' even better than before.
Karma You know if you do something bad to somebody fate will pay you back by something bad happening to you.
Is it hard to learn.
You wouldn't have any color film would ya.
Anything else.
You just smile let me do all the talking.
Thank you for what. What are you thanking me for Adele.
What's wrong with her.
You gonna talk to the people who did those murders.
You don't sound too convinced 'bout that.
So tell me what happened here.
What I'm thinking is we can drop down through Tennessee across Arkansas and into Texas from there it's a straight shot into California. We don't stop until we hit the fucking ocean.
What did he sound like on the phone.
Bitch bitch bitch.
Apprehensive. Let's not forget these are the people who banned the Mapplethorpe show. Anyway California's loaded with galleries.
You know what I mean.
How many times have you gone unprotected.
Have you ever had anal intercourse.
You mean like fucking two virgins at once.
Did you tell her that you loved her.
Telly.
Yeah I feel dehydrated.
Who.
She was handing out those watermelon slices. And I sat down over on the other side And I watched her.
I'm not joking. I wanted to take my dick out and start jacking right there. At that point and moment Darcy was like a vision of perfection.
I don't understand why you do that.
How much you gonna take.
Why not. You stink.
Casper.
Where you at.
Sup. Sup.
I was just getting ready to take a bath.
What is it.
Because your a virgin.
I don't know. I just think that you would love it.
What.
Yeah.
No not everything. The sun is still shinning. It's a beautiful day out. Some things are OK. Right.
Yeah.
What if you can't make yourself happy. What if everything falls apart.
Your a real philosopher.
Passion
Mine.
That's it. I'm gonna have to tell my little brother I'm gonna die. I can't make him his lunches anymore.
That's right. That's why foreplay is better than sex.
Yep. That's the best way. It's that boom boom boom.
Right. You know it's not like You know there's a difference between sex making love and fucking.
I hate 'em.
Slow.
Right.
What kind of problem.
Meaning it looks like his victims are chosen at random.
No it wasn't.
No I need the original note.
Then let's narrow it down.
Fuck you. I'm tired of your goddam accusations. If you want to arrest me go ahead. Otherwise back off.
You want me to what.
What are you talking about.
Debi Rutlege. Female. Caucasian. Twenty four. Worked over at the Four Oaks Hotel.
Local.
Did anyone stand out.
Remember eventually revenge is carefully Have you tired juxtaposing the words.
It isn't him. Frank you brought me in on this in the beginning because you wanted my opinion if he was capable of doing this.
Hello Peter.
To get your attention.
Why did you write remember on the wall.
Why not.
If it's so important why don't you just tell me.
You're groping. I have been fair. It's my move now.
I know where you are.
1985. Hans Korshaud.
What scars.
Okay. Nice meeting you.
What is it dad.
Only that you wanted someone from the institute to talk to Sanderson for some case you're working on. What'd he do.
Each of those grids represents almost a square mile.
We can't rely on your judgement anymore.
He's using the map as a chessboard. The sonofabitch is playing chess with me.
Did you send the car.
Then I'll transpose.
Just thought you might want to talk.
No.
Bainbridge Books.
I've always wanted to learn how to play chess. I don't have the patience for it. When did you start playing.
Sounds very violent.
It's going to be a long night. It could take hours before we know something. You should try to eat.
No. But I'm open to distractions.
You always want to talk about me. What about you.
I dunno. Where's Erica mother.
I'm just trying to get to know you Peter.
Nobody could attack you. You set your life up like one of your chessboards. You're impregnable but at the same time you've become trapped behind your own defenses. You're cut off from everyone around you.
I thought you said the line was busy.
Nothing.
For emphasis.
What.
That's still no excuse. You treat everything like a game.
It's not that easy.
If we could just figure out what the next word is going to be. He said the game's going to end tonight so there's only going to be one more word.
Frank told me.
You don't understand. I'm just so <u>relieved</u>. I was <u>sure</u> you'd turn out to be short and fat and gimpy.
Me too.
Mine was worse: I dreamt you picked your nose in public.
Take off your clothes. I'm going to scrub you down.
Lyssa 
In the Arctic ice.
Your powers are greater than you know. Have you ever seen one of these.
Reach out farther. Call to her.
Yes. Each dawn it rises in a different land: sometimes in the mountains sometimes in the jungle sometimes the desert sometimes the sea. Never in the same place twice.
She can't see out. She can't tell us where the Fortress is.
The deeper she goes the harder it is to contact her. Once she is below the second level you will not be able to reach her at all.
<u>Why</u>.
No. We will find another way to locate the Fortress.
Lyssa. <u>Why</u>.
No. She must agree of her own free will.
You're coming with us.
Blast. A thousand miles off course. Well I was rushed. There was a certain difference of opinion concerning a venison pie. The foolish man left it sitting on his windowsill. What did he expect.
How did you know I had sons.
And in the few seconds before I dice you to crow-food tell me why I am going to follow you.
It should be an interesting journey then.
They burn many villages. Even walled cities fall to them.
Forgive me my friends. I saw terrible things.
Go join them.
Well it is true that if I received a royal command I couldn't very well disobey it could I.
A venison pie as big as a house.
Bread is for peasants and wine makes me sneeze. Got any gumdrops.
I only want one.
I don't think it's working.
We meant only to please you.
What are you doing with my dear. Stop. Thieves.
Many villagers are hiding in the forest. They need food.
My spells always go wrong when I am observed. Be gone.
The one with red eyes was a Dark One the other was a Cyclops and it was not you he meant to kill.
He will come for me.
It is the time.
The Widow of the Web.
Each to his fate lad.
Go now. Quell was wise. He knew that a man cannot ask more of his death than it help his friends.
But you would not stay with me.
Power you have given me. What can my power give you.
No.
It will not help.
You will come with me.
What's that man's name.
He forgot his money My mother's got a pub behind the corner and he forgot his money about 100$.
Good what are you going to do. Do you come back.
I can't believe it. Yes I think How she kids me. I can't believe it. And did he pass your threshold or not.
You moved too didn't you.
Why can't I have a bank account.
Well I don't need them
130 140
Wow. It's brilliant.
Mathilda. May I come in.
Why don't you take me with you. I'm ready now. You said I learn very quickly.
Why.
Mathilda.
Risky business isn't it.
You're young Mathilda You still have a chance to get out. You can't give up this chance. You have to protect it. There's a lot of things to do in life a lot of other jobs
That's awful. I hope you killed that asshole.
Maybe it's the time to do something isn't it.
Huh that's good.
Huh. Are you Alfredo's son then.
Yes Twice.
Do you recognize him.
May we have this wolf's name and address.
I'll make it.
If you really want to do this plan it out. Rest up. Train for it. Build up your body. Plan every stop along the way. How much money. Time. Really do it properly. This is all so by the seat of your pants.
I've all ready gone six hundred miles I can't do it again.
Nothing's going to happen.
Then it'll have to wait until I finish.
A.P.B. He isn't breaking any law. He's a grown man He can crawl on his hands and knees to China if that's what he wants to do.
Honey I told you. If it makes you happy we should just do it.
Yes.
Anything.
I've changed my mind.
Please not 'The two kinds of people' speech.
You can change.
I don't know.
What did they ask.
Pacifica California.
Shit. He jumped.
Three thousand miles. How many times does twenty go into three thousand.
Perhaps there's another route.
Michelle breathe that's it what is it talk to me.
They printed your article on 'Dry Verses Can Dog Food' Very enlightening.
Yes.
Phileas Fogg.
I missed you Kris.
I do.
Is it a boy or a girl.
You look so happy how long have you been married.
What's your shoe size.
What are my choices.
What do you think I should get.
Orange soda.
Hello.
If I was I'm sorry.
What's up.
Of course. Wow you look extremely beautiful.
I'm going to move to a smart hotel tomorrow if it'll make you feel better. Let's talk about tomorrow. Wanna do something.
Sera what you don't understand is
Very well umm I never expected to have to ask you this again but how did our evening go. I remember getting to the casino I remember kissing you that was really nice but everything after that is a blank.
That's impressive. How did you do that.
Very creative. Now we can get you a black bow tie and you can look like one of those casino dealers.
Please.
Years ago in LA I turned a trick on Sunset and Western. The guy was polite and didn't argue about the price. He parked his car and I took him to a house that I had an arrangement with. A fat Mexican woman was watching a TV and I told him to give her the twenty for the room. There were three or four small naked children playing on the floor and we had to step over them to get into the room. The room had a bed and a dresser. He lay on his back on the bed and I put a rubber on him and sucked him for a while until he was hard and then I eased on to him. About twenty minutes later there was a knock on the door and it was the woman saying our time was up. I felt kind of guilty because he hadn't come and I offered to reason with the woman and get another ten minutes but he said it was all right and began dressing. When we were ready to leave the room he stopped me and hugged me and kissed me on the cheek. He gave me an extra hundred as a tip and went back to his car. I remember being relieved that I wouldn't have to work again that evening.
I like it here with you.
How'd this happen.
Yes that would be great. Are you her for the convention.
It is after all Sera my money.
Have you told anyone that I'm here.
Yuri are you
That's right.
I can't tell you.
You understand you're on trial for murder.
Insurance. A love affair. Pure unadulterated hatred. Believe me the DA will come up with plenty of reasons.
Go to hell.
What.
It's so shameful
But Mrs. Windham didn't have a gun.
Yes Your Honor. Had you ever gotten a perm before Miss Windham.
Come again.
Huh.
I'm sorry but 
So she was distraught that her husband was dead.
Donovan's firm is defending a major murder case and his caseload is so heavy he's taking on first year interns.
What.
Uh both.
No.
Could I be anymore goddamn spastic. So you're sure this Warner guy is the one.
You ready.
No. Sometimes I say Okay instead of Fine.
It's not my alibi to tell 
I think you should go with red. It's the color of confidence.
Josh proposed.
Oh how sweet. You made friends with a nerdy girl.
The professors. Yeah they tend to do that. Socratic method.
I can't.
As long as you realize I'm not just some man-toy you can show off like a trophy.
Someone missed you.
Girls I'm going to Harvard.
I miss you guys. The people here are so vile. Hardly anyone even talks to me unless it's to say something that's not nice. Law school sucks.
You should. Do you have a resume.
Wait my social events schedule is missing.
You know mixers formals beach trips.
You're beautiful.
You're breaking up with me because I'm too blonde.
C'mon. Let me take you home.
That's because I spend all my time with case studies and hypos.
But what. We took the same LSAT we take the same classes 
Hovering.
Oh God. What if Josh doesn't think I'm serious enough.
Nay. This is a private affair no audience welcome Better you watch the dismantling of our enemies and look you see the moat is set aflame.
You are cruel. Your heartless jesting worse than torture. How can you speak of love when you see what I am.
I like well what I see. It pleases me.
You're magnificent.
You you're a beast.
Protection.
I can keep a victim alive for weeks months if I desire it it's an art. They beg for death I keep it just out of their reach. The pain remains constant.
From the parapets most likely. The men are amused by a battlefield entertainment of my own contriving.
And I with you I never dreamed life held such pleasures
Country fa' fa' away. To the East beyond the lising sun
Then you'll understand my quest. An ogre named Blackheart has killed the last stag unicorn and stolen his horn. The world outside is cursed plunged into eternal winter. Unless I return the alicorn the earth will be frozen forever.
Flozen foleva not good.
We be honored friend Ogg.
So Jack think you be a Green Man and not know Gump.
I'm honored Honeythorn Gump but no more tricks.
Why Jack-lad she likes you is all. And what hot-blooded hero wouldn't welcome the affections of a fair nymph like Oona here. If your blood runs so cold boy you be a corpse before your time.
Will you lead me to her.
Did you hear. Twas the killing of the unicorn caused it.
Shhhh.
Whatever for.
Beware.
What know you of fields of war.
Twould appear other travelers precede us.
Better to kill than be disturbed.
Shhh. Not so loud mayhap he'll hear ye.
Dwarves be very sensitive about their feet.
Long as we don't lose heart Jack
Nay. I show no pity to imps and fiends.
Easily spoken
What magic have we on our side.
Faerie magic's no match for a sorcerer's power We have Ogg's gifts the key and the 
One more turn
Have the engineers corrected for alignment and trajectory.
Did you bring me here to sup.
Ever wondered why Jenny Greenteeth said you needed the fastest steed on earth.
Ride like wild fire Jack.
A good day for singing
I've not heard a note out of you.
Were the Princess Lili to join me I would sing till my lungs burst.
Might not need a gesture quite so grand. What were you doing the very moment the Baron's curse fell on the world.
By the pond. She was teasing me.
And did you.
I'll try.
But you did you did.
I may have said perhaps
Oh fie. What about the unicorn.
A gentleman would offer water.
What shall we do.
Don't leave me now. I fear the unicorn won't show himself without you.
He'll not flee if I show myself.
They tricked you.
He did run.
A maid must beware of flattery Methinks you want to kiss me.
Do you wish it Jack. Wish you this our wedding band.
Oh. Green Jack. What a dream I've had proper nightmare.
Grand champion is it. And what great cause leads you to me.
We seek the ogre Baron Couer de Noir. He slew a unicorn and plunged the world into eternal winter.
How do I get the horn back.
Nay. Tempting as your invitation be. Tell me one thing more.
As fair as me.
I'm partial to oaks as are all faerie folk. Mayn't I come visit sometime.
Heading north still.
Praise be to God.
Haven't heard a bird sing in days
Forgive my blood haste Jimmy Squarefoot but I want no more surprises from Couer de Noir.
I put him to work.
Why. What do you mean.
Can you keep Sam straight.
You have to ask like that.
I'm supposed to be in Tahoe.
He's a freak.
I can't even take a shower here.
He asked me to tell you that you owe him a hundred dollars.
What you think you know doesn't have much to do with reality. I mean I hope I'm not the first to say that about you.
Why is that.
Are you guys' friends.
Mr. Stevens. One of your neighbors is adamant your home has exceeded its approved height. He's filed to have construction stopped immediately.
How's your wife.
She didn't really say.
This has got to stop.
You were the only neighbor I could tolerate.
The whole summer man. Party in Tahoe.
I don't know.
Probably in the bible.
I'm not doing it.
Where are you going.
The gloves on the table are for you.
I was holding for someone. That wasn't even mine.
I took some of your Vicodin.
I'm telling you now.
I would have killed him.
After everything he did to you and your mom.
I still don't know what that means.
Ah. Oh.
Mr. Dokos called to complain that you and a boy are squatting illegally in the garage of your house.
Lock the door behind you.
You didn't think someone from your office would call and tell me you wrecked the entire building and threatened people with a baseball bat.
I love those doors.
Forget it really. I'll survive.
I used to live here.
I was here six years. And I only hated two.
It was just that maybe the way the sun struck the ocean the sound of the waves. It was simple whatever it was. Then I started thinking about the last time I felt this good. It's been a long time.
I kind of said that maybe they could do something. Help. I'm sorry. They really wanted to come. I really wanted to come and they wanted to be with me. I don't think they'll be too much trouble.
Let's see if you've gotten any better.
Do you know Alyssa thinks something is up with us. She's giving me crap about being away from Peter and now you're trying to do the same thing. What no one seems to realize is that Peter isn't there. He's not there. And when he is he isn't. So if you don't want me here or you don't want my kids here just tell me George. I'll stop coming. But it won't be because of Peter. It'll be because you asked me to stop. Say what you need to say because I'm not leaving until I hear it.
That thing about I was the most you know beautiful person you had ever known. What was that.
I'm married.
Back. Neck. Back.
Does Alyssa know.
What the fuck.
We've eaten.
I'm helping George build his house.
I've been helping for the last few days. Weeks. Sam's working. I told you Sam was working. I mean he really is.
I can't go right now.
We haven't been away together for three years. What difference does a few months make.
You can't go with me because of Sam.
That sounds pathetic doesn't it.
You never really trusted me.
You don't look like you.
The door was open.
Nothing R okay.
She'll be fine. She just had a bit of a shock.
These are free papers.
Not for me it ain't.
Crawford's are always looking for new talent.
Maybe you didn't notice but this is a prison.
Yo Blocker what's going on here.
But this is where the action is and I have to be where the action is. Look when your old lady wanted those alligator shoes didn't I come through for you. Ain't she stepping in style now.
Yes boss.
It's a hell of a lot longer when you're innocent.
I got it boss.
For the kind of money they charge here you'd think they could hire somebody to actually wash the dishes.
Come on honey let's get out of here.
That's because I've never been here before.
I don't see where that's any of your business.
Come on daddy-o. You haven't said a word since we started. Least you could do is make some friendly conversation.
No tell me what's so funny.
At some point a man's got to get serious about his future. I'm sure you have no idea what I'm talking about.
My daddy gave me this watch.
There is no Boom-Boom Room.
Don't get all agitated on me. I bought a bottle of rum from a couple of dudes I heard 'em talking
She's in a tight spot. Her mama needs this operation and they ain't got the money for it. Their church took up a collection but they were still short
Would you look at that Ray. Winston up and died on us.
Man this is gonna delay everything. Spanky's gonna be pissed.
No man. I want you to have it.
You know what I'm saying.
No I don't like it here. Look around. There's nothing but ass. Male ass. Balls and ass. Believe you me I'm getting out of here.
What do you want Claude.
You still got that map.
On your behalf. What happened to we.
No.
Cookie didn't draw it. I did.
All right man just settle down. We'll get outta here Claude. We'll get outta here real soon.
Can't be worse than any of these other fools.
One of the new kids said they're farming those acres just north of the swamp. He said he saw a crop duster flying around the place.
They're called pilots. I'm serious Ray. I'm not in the mood for one of your stupid fucked-up plans right now.
Maybe you're fooling yourself Ray. Maybe you're just a chip off the old block.
After all these years of blissful silence I almost forgot how annoying the sound of your voice can be.
I know but since we're talking I thought I'd mention it.
Some faces you just don't forget. Warren Pike's is one of 'em.
We'd be in the hole by now. Hey man you're peeing on my shoe.
Nurse Humphries was checking my prostate this morning. I got an erection.
An erection huh. Haven't had one of those in a while.
'Course I was right. About what.
Are you trying to tell me after all this time you finally have a plan for busting out of here.
No this ain't gonna work either. It's half chocolate half vanilla.
Next thing you're gonna be complaining about the seats.
Tell him the state of Mississippi is only interested in getting this ditch cleared by sundown.
Alright listen up. I want every man lined up out here in the yard on the double. Let's move it.
You mean Louis Armstrong.
Ray's special recipe. He always had exacting standards where the hooch was concerned.
Hey Willie what was Claude's plan anyway.
I can't believe this. I always said I'd never end up like this. I thought I'd make something of myself do something with my life. You know be successful. Have a big house a family. Now I'm gonna end up just like daddy.
They gave me life mama.
Stay calm Ray. We'll find him. Claude. Has anyone seen Claude.
You can't go in there Ray. You'll never make it.
I prefer bourbon.
I'm gonna work this man's brains out the back of his head.
Where'd you get this.
Understood.
Let her go.
And he's dead serious.
their damned souls will be ours.
Let the sin begins that was a good one.
Hello Cassius.
Urr uggg errr
Oh my God he just opened his mouth and swallowed that spit.
You're on Earth now kid. Gonna have the same physical needs and limitations a human has. We'll stop by K-mart. Get you some warm clothes.
I also have this odd pain in my mid section. Kind of a hollow feeling
Okay just point me in the right direction next time.
Your brothers are upsetting the balance of good and evil.
Go get a soda out of the fridge.
But those are my roommate's sodas
This is baloney.
Metallica Dad. Come on.
You're a good devil Dad.
Nicky the worst thing that could happen on Earth is you get killed in which case boom you end up back here.
That's a pretty brassiere.
Bus.
Hey
I've never been to Earth. I've never even slept over at some other dude's house.
Sounds like our devil dance actually worked this time.
You sure you're down with this.
This don't look good.
You smell like coconuts.
I'm sorry. It's really tough when your parents get older.
If I don't save him I don't know what I'm gonna do.
That's alright. I already ate lunch. I actually wouldn't mind getting a Gelati.
Could I come with you to getting a Gelati.
This town is really going to hell lately. So what part of the city do you live in.
Valerie it feels like there's a bunch of butterflies flapping around in my stomach. Is that normal.
You know what's nice about you. You just seem happy being yourself. You don't try to act cool.
Your juicy heart-shaped ass.
Remember when I told you my Dad was in Hell.
Hello friend my name is Nicky. I understand you're seeking a roommate as per your advertisement in the Village Voice. Would it be possible for me to fill the slot.
Right. And as far as household items: we can share the soap but we'll split the cost 60/40. Cause the person who physically goes out and buys the soap shouldn't have to pay as much as the other guy. Aren't you boiling in that outfit.
It's like eighty degrees in this hallway. You from the South.
I'm a Sandman.
We're hungry do you have anything to eat.
Is that the wind. Not yet You must hear my birds sing.
How do you want us.
You are here. I couldn't believe it when they told me. What are you doing.
Has anyone ever broken in to where the babies are.
I'm fine See you
It has nothing to do with you.
I changed my mind.
I'm not armed. Well.
Six. I go red next year.
You can have any woman in the city. What do you really want.
And then you killed him right.
I don't.
Are you here to help me.
Maybe you'll think of something
Insane. Nurseries are better than any mother could be.
Uh-uh.
He's good isn't he.
I'd rather take my chances with them than with Francis.
Exactly four steps now. Let me lead you. Now to the right. It's narrow here you'll have to get behind me.
How will they know we're coming.
Some kind of breeding pens I suppose They say people used to breed animals fish anything to eat of course.
Maybe we're the first ones to get through Maybe Sanctuary is near now another protected place. It couldn't be outside.
Things won't change you know that. We can live here together Logan have a life as long as his together.
But there are so many of them. Do you know each one separately.
Hello.
We don't get many Sandmen. I think we've only had one other since I've been here.
No no no
More many more.
My father was the husband and my mother was the wife. Beloved is a word they used to stay together.
I'm sorry.
I don't know. The cheeks maybe look a little 
What.
I'm okay You okay.
Might be a good time to try using it again.
Now we'll see what this son of a bitch is up to.
You recognize that guy.
His or ours.
We've got Pete Dayton's prints all over this place.
I can't see you tonight.
You like it.
I don't. I don't know him.
Sure.
Have you made any charges against him.
Where is he now.
How about Madison. Have we had even a hint of his whereabouts.
That's not Fred Madison.
Yeah Mack.
I wouldn't know how.
The pain is getting worse. I need more aspirin.
No no I don't. Are you sure.
At your house.
I like to laugh Fred.
When you didn't come to the club.
Let's go home.
They're gonna cook him.
Thanks Mr. Eddy whatiya need. Just the regular tune-up.
Sorry about that Pete but tailgating is one thing I can't tolerate.
Yeah. Give ya a boner.
Okay Well I'll see ya then.
Her name is Alice. You know I love that girl to death. If I ever found out somebody was makin' out with her I'd take this and shove it so far up his ass it would come out his mouth Then you know what.
Yeah How ya doin' Pete.
You're doin okay. That's good Pete.
What's goin' on.
What night.
What else about that night. Did anything happen.
Where'd you come from.
Fossils huh.
Found in Asia.
This is the only thing I was able to save when those heathens surrounded me.
Yeah I remember. You said that before.
Don't call me brother.
Wait a minute. Is it a good morning. Say we're supposed to be traveling east aren't we.
You were asked to have a glass of wine. Sit down.
I'm going to sleep in my bed. Come on Lovey.
Oh my isn't that pretty. What is it.
Hey hurry up you slow-pokes - I'm starved.
You see. You get the idea. From this reservoir here I can pipe in the whole works. Oh I'm going to get a great kick out of this. Of course it's just to keep my hand in but with the equipment we have here I can put a plumbing system in for the whole village down there. Can rig it up in no time. Do you realize those poor people are still going to the well for water.
Huh.
No.
I think I'll stick around. I'll leave with the porters on their next trip.
You know that's the fourth time you've said that today. You should have a record made of it.
Oh good heavens no.
Our Valley is very rich in a metal called gold which fortunately for us is valued very highly in the outside world. So we merely . . .
Well they didn't actually mean that.
Forgive me. I should have told you it is quite common here to live to a very ripe old age. Climate diet mountain water you might say. But we like to believe it is the absence of struggle in the way we live. In your countries on the other hand how often do you hear the expression He worried himself to death. or This thing or that killed him.
The High Lama arranges everything Mr. Conway.
Young. She arrived here in 1888. She was 20 at the time. She was on her way to join her betrothed - when her carriers lost their way in the mountains. The whole party would have perished but for meeting some of our people.
I've offered you some warm broth. I thought perhaps-
Ungrateful fool . Those were my very words to myself last night. Here are these people in Shangri-La doing everything in their power to make our stay comfortable and happy and I haven't done one single thing to show my appreciation.
Oh immediately.
Oh thank you. Thank you.
Do you mean to tell me you want to leave Shangri-La.
Yes of course your brother is a problem. It was to be expected.
Did I say if.
That's what you said.
What's on your mind Bob. You talk as though we're going to have trouble getting out of here.
I'm afraid the porters are just a myth. I guess we never will know why we're here or how long we're going to be held prisoners.
What about the porters.
Why not. What's going to stop me.
I don't know what you're talking about. You're carrying around a secret that seems to be eating you up. If you'll only tell me about it.
So you think it's all nonsense huh.
You can't take her away from here.
I've already asked them. They're afraid to make the trip. We'll have to send an expedition back after them.
Good.
As a matter of fact all I saw was a little boy whistling in the dark.
I'm sure of it. Just as I'm sure there's a wish for Shangri-La in everyone's heart. I have never seen the outside world. But I understand there are millions and millions of people who are supposed to be mean and greedy. Yet I just know that secretly they are all hoping to find a garden spot where there is peace and security where there's beauty and comfort where they wouldn't have to be mean and greedy. Oh I just wish the whole world might come to this valley.
EXCUSE ME–
I'm sorry. I haven't even got any cigarettes left.
I'll make some for you. You will come today.
Please say you will. The days are so very long and lonely without you. Please . . .
So this door. It's not an exit .
It's easy. You work your way up the secret service one day stand with the President meet the most important people on the planet fulfill your dreams live happily ever after.
Hell of an assistant isn't he. Damn guy moves so fast he actually gets there before you even ask for him.
Look. I don't know why. I could guess however. Maybe it's your attitude. Or that you're not even close to a team player. Or that you always seen to think you know more than your supervisors.
What. Who the hell are you.
Well how about if I guess then. Black: Vast space. Deep. Spiritual. The essence of infinity.
It's a bug.
I know that's usually the only time I actually have a shot. And what if I wanted to see her again. I'd have to completely re-introduce myself.
If you don't have anyone to tell you won't tell anyone. Believe me you get used to it.
what's this.
I dunno. Why did that family need all their luggage for a dinner.
How does that help me.
Since how long.
And I almost got digested. It goes with the job.
Oh yeah well you know. I'm a big fan. I've read all your work.
Right right I like that stuff.
It's coming.
So now what. Cattle call again.
We're from Scientific American. We read about your discovery. We'd like to take a look.
How's Dee.
Highway 119 just west of Smith. Why.
Hard to tell. I hope not.
A good question. And a simple answer. No more hunger. No more smog. No more overpopulation. No more war.
Please I want to go back
I can't leave. You said so yourself there is no Minority Report. I don't have an alternative future.
Why.
Can't you see. She just wanted her little girl back.
She died.
What 
That's comforting.
Don't worry Lamar.
Yes sir.
What if Danny Witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run.
Somebody named Leo Crow.
I can't. They're following me right now. They'll meet me there. They'll halo me.
You can't run 
Seventeen minutes.
Uh sir
The mall.
Look at the kid. In this one he's on the left of the man in the suit.
Sir.
But you call this room the temple.
Flaws.
You set me up
You gonna tell on me.
She was looking right at me.
Rufus for Christ's sake get up.
Stop 
It's a little late for that.
Sean 
I was looking for you
It floated back up. I had to take him out and 
But you have to. They said you would.
Look I've put my family through enough misery. You gotta kill me. This way I can leave 'em something.
You say some of the children died.
Not if I stay away from him.
Why.
I said the record is destroyed. The original report exists for all time. I designed the system so that whenever a report occurred it would be stored in a safe place but not declared.
If you have one.
How do I even know which one has it.
He just wanted a few minutes before 
Sir the press conference is starting.
He came to see you yesterday. Right before he got tagged. What did you talk about.
None of your damn business.
Good God. What was that.
Yes It's called an echo. The act of murder is such a violent disturbance in the future continuum that it sometimes repeats to the Precogs.
He's trying to prove his innocence.
Who.
I don't have any sugar either.
You ever heard him mention the name Leo Crow.
That was our apartment.
To prevent a murder. Sooner or later he's going to contact you.
I haven't seen him in two years.
What does he want with a precog.
What do you think. So he can kill whoever he wants to without anyone knowing about it.
You're Bobby right.
Martel's and coke. One ice cube. In a snifter this time.
We have snifters
What's 'incidentals.'
Just tell me. Wait here Do you have change of a hundred.
So wait you're from where.
I don't know about you guys but I'm starting to feel a really sexual vibe here.
You think he don't know. I give him his cut of seventeen hundred I think he knows I can't make that lap dancing.
Chloe.
I gotta go baby. I love you. Tell mommy I called. You be a big girl and be careful when you're alone.
So what kind of gig is this.
Some favor. I hope they know you're not like Wendy.
You shouldn't. He likes you.
Listen to me Bobby. This is my job. It puts a roof over me and my daughter and you for as long as you want to stay.
Don't you get it. I don't want to leave. This is who I am.
Take her.
What's your record at.
Yeah well you let me know when you wanna start makin the real money.
How bad is it.
This one.
Yeah. The blaze. I bought her in '66. Hired a trainer stall whatever it was. That horse made me over a hundred grand. In 'sixties' dollars. You know what that is today.
A million. Easy.
They're fucking yeshiva buchas. You didn't have to tear up the goddamn place. You knocked out a guys teeth.
That prick tried to get Jessica to blow him in the bathroom 
I'll work it off.
I got a way we make everybody happy.
Ricky. Ricky 'I lost the truck' Ricky.
We get it. We're sorry.
Where's the drop.
You're going to the Soho Grand hotel right.
Ricky's taken care of.
We're supposed to meet him here. Is Ruiz on the list.
That's not what you said. You said if you didn't have a winning record 
Don't be shitty.
I'll page you.
Ask if he said anything to her.
We need guns.
No. You've been waiting for this kind of opportunity.
We look good this year.
I like it.
Why can't we just grab a goddamn beer.
Right here's fine.
See man. Maxie fuckin takes care of you when you're in. Beats cleaning carpets.
Shhh Hello room service.
C'mon man
Great. On my fucking room.
Ricky who knows how long we're gonna have to be here. We gotta make it last.
What are you doing.
They said a hundred thirty-fifth and Twelfth.
They asked who it was.
Motherfucker
Relax. I'll do right by him. You know that.
He woulda told us right.
Did you hear what he just said.
We don't need guns.
This is horseshit. It coulda been so easy.
Let's just go get guns I'd feel better.
Don't fuck around. You're gonna get us all killed.
Ugh
Yeah sure. How much are they.
It means you got a gun.
So we just go eat with him and that's gonna solve everything.
Ow shit
Well he ain't gonna be around no more.
No shit.
How's it going.
I I just hired these guys to watch my back
The Soho Grand.
Yeah.
Sure. You boys want anything.
Yes. You're going to New York.
What about my keys.
You can carry your keys. You will not mention my name or imply that you are in my employ. You will not speak to anyone while you are working. When you are not working you are considered to be 'on call' and available twenty-four hours a day. This means you will not get drunk or do anything that will prevent you from operating in a professional manner. There is already a number in your pager's memory. It is a car service. When they ask you what account you will respond: 'Cardiff Giant.' They will pick you up and take you anywhere you need to go. In other words there is no reason why you should not reach any destination that you will be called upon to reach within fifteen minutes. Do you see a pattern forming.
I get it.
What motherfucker. You drinking 'the witch' after dinner.
What the fuck was you told. Don't talk right.
What they call you.
When.
You know it.
And every cat's watching ain't they. It's a toe-down.
I don't know. It doesn't matter. The thing is we got to get you back on your feet.
Like what. Looking like me. Like a nigger. Why don't you want to look like what you are. What makes you ashamed of being black.
Sure burn yourself pain yourself put all that poison into your hair into your body trying to be white.
The question is who are you. You are in the darkness but it's not your fault. Elijah Muhammad can bring you into the light.
What you sniffing around for. I told you I gave you your last fix.
I respect myself. A man cuss because he hasn't got the words to say what's on his mind.
That's bullshit. That's a white man's book. Ain't all these white man's books.
I can't.
 the hardest and the greatest.
 the hardest and the greatest.
Is the program ready.
Next week Brother Minister.
I'm in Detroit.
I think so. Can you catch a plane.
It won't be easy.
It will be rough.
I'm not made of glass.
Both women in their 20's charged they had had intimacies with Elijah Muhammad since 1957
I'm not interested in personal publicity. Our people know what I'm doing.
Why don't you just ask your question.
Mr. X is a demagogue. He has no place to go so he exaggerates. He's a disservice to every good law-abiding Negro in the country. Can I ask you a question.
Did you see the papers today.
Mind your own goddamn business She comes in a lot.
 there is a serious question as to whether 
How many you turning out.
Thank you Brother; Sister how are you.
No. You'll be marked for death.
You evil this morning.
Baby I was gonna give it to you.
Hey man gimme some skin.
Except she live on the hill and got a grandma.
I forgot to tell you I'm wearing a bulletproof vest.
Only a pig could do a thing like that.
This is Malcolm our new guest. We'll treat him like a brother.
The last few days may represent the best police work of my life.
A lot of people are looking for you.
Another favor get me banking info on Jordan Kalfus. U.S. deposits or withdrawals. Thanks. Oh get me the same on Samuel Ramos.
I show you give me the information.
[What's the PIN number.]
[The what.]
[Who's the boss.]
[What money.]
[I don't know. We work in parts. A voice calls in a kidnapping. We deliver the target to the guardians. We don't even know them. They might transfer to other guardians. The negotiators and the bosses don't even see the target. They just make the deal.]
[Yeah. Yes.]
When did Mexican Customs start getting smart.
Not for eight months. I was in Columbia looking around but nothing seemed interesting.
How long you staying Crease.
Well you'd have to keep it under control.
A bodyguard has to be close to someone all the time. Willing to talk. I'm not good at that.
Samuel Ramos. Owns one of the plants in Juarez. The Jap car industry is in the toilet. He's trying to persuade Ford to partner with him. I think he's in trouble. He asked me if I knew anyone he could trust.
Where are you from Creasy.
Someone gave him more money than we could.
I'm a bargain.
You're fast.
It hurts.
What did you do in Asia. Is that where you met the man with cigarettes.
Good things happen too Creasy. Like meeting me.
I'm sorry.
That's not a question.
Don't be a baby. You're tougher than that.
Dyslexic.
No.
Look. Maybe this isn't going to work. Maybe you should ask your husband to hire someone more sociable.
I don't believe you.
You're lying. I don't believe you.
I have a policy AIG. It covers me and my family and when it runs out in sixty days without a bodyguard I will not be able to renew it.
You should be sleeping baby.
Yes mom.
You do.
I think he's been sick. He's alright now but I think he's been very very sick.
A man's worth can be judged by what he has or what he owes. Only the amount matters.
I'm only asking for one thing. And it's not an extravagance. It's not even for me; it's for our daughter.
It will be a hard break.
You just said it. He's my friend. Nothing else to say.
You helped him get this job.
She's all right Andy. It's just that I get one Saturday night off every three weeks and I was expecting something better that's all.
So waddaya feel like doing tonight.
Yeah sure.
Not a bad crowd tonight you know.
Waddaya gonna do now.
All right I'll see you.
Hey. What are you doing here.
Oh.
I cry a lot too. I'm a big cryer.
So there you are. So I guess I'm not such a dog as I think I am.
There's nothing wrong with being a butcher.
Well I wouldn't call it an elegant profession. It's in a lower social scale. People look down on butchers.
Yes I know.
Waddaya doing tomorrow night.
I'll wait for your call.
Waddaya doing New Year's Eve.
It was very nice meeting you Mrs. Pilletti. I hope I'll see you again.
I'll see you around.
so the whole book winds up Mike Hammer he's inna room there with this doll. So he says You rat you are the murderer. So she begins to con him you know. She tells him how she loves him. And then Bam. He shoots her in the stomach. So she's laying there gasping for breath and she says How could you do that. And he says It was easy.
Sure what.
Boy beautiful day hey Thomas.
Marty
Ma I'm gonna take her home now. It's getting late and the buses only run about one an hour.
I heard you Ma.
What Ma.
You don't like her. You only met her for two minutes.
What didn't you like about her.
So what are you gonna do tonight Marty.
The nurses Leo and me picked up last night. We got a date with them tonight.
Waddaya mean Ralph.
Hey Louise I want you to meet Marty Pilletti. Marty that's Louise Kelly inna back seat there.
Your kid brother got married last Sunday eh Marty.
That's the big tall one the fellow with the moustache.
All right Ginnie don't get so excited.
That's very nice-a you Aunt Theresa.
That's all right that's all right
Well I'll tell you Aunt Theresa
Don't you think I feel lousy about this too.
All right Ginnie. I don't wanna talk anymore about it. I don't think I got one hour's sleep the whole night. Last night was the first time in my life I ever heard my mother cry you know that.
How they goin' Losing Preacher. What do you hear from the Pope.
Hospital.
Damn. That must be about as far north as you can get.
Christ Almighty I think he means it.
This kid looks like a loser. Maybe we better get the bead-jiggler to put in a fix.
What's he got to write for God's sake.
How can you say a thing like that about an officer in the United States Army.
Look at the size of those two beasts.
There's no transportation anyway this time of night.
I think it's a marvelous letter.
Ravenous. What about you.
Special Services in Tokyo are all for it. They say it's one of the main gimmicks we have to keep the American way of life going here in Asia.
Well it's still pretty much in the talk stage.
Look.
Best thing you could do for all of us is grab some sack time.
I don't get it.
It's my name. Maybe that sounds silly to you but
I wonder how a degenerated person like you could have reached a position of responsibility in the Army Medical Corps.
Same here.
Ayuh.
You're on his side all of the sudden.
You don't go after the local scrunch.
Morning Painless. How they goin'.
You mean who hit who.
Yes sir.
What's that Henry.
Captain 'This kid' is a prisoner of war.
Planes mostly. May take a crack at rickshaws. How does the direct approach work over here.
How is he.
He likes you well enough to stick around.
Now look John. Here's the speech. It's in caps and double-spaced. You won't have any trouble reading it. Not nervous are you.
Uh-huh. To carry out the principles you talked about in your radio speech.
Uh-huh . . .
Well you got your circulation. Now why don't you let me alone.
Oh it started as a circulation stunt but it isn't any more. Mr. Norton wants to get back of it and sponsor John Doe Clubs all over the country. He wants to send you on a lecture tour.
Do you care if I sit down out here.
Well a tall handsome Ubangi I suppose.
How much money do you get.
Oh. Oh it's beautiful D. B. Well—I don't quite know what to say . . .
Hello.
Hello there. Well well. If it isn't the man about town.
Oh.
Oh yes you will Ann dear you're very clever.
The Websters.
Yeh D. B. Oh just cleaning out the dead-wood. Okay.
What letter.
We'll get a handwriting expert to— What.
A deal.
I can read. I can read.
Oh the Chronicle would consider it dirt cheap.
Thinks it's terrific. Says for us to go the limit. Wants us to build a bonfire under every big shot in the state.
No you've got yourself a meal ticket and you hate to let go.
Say all this John Doe business is batty if yuh ask me.
I went up to Miss Mitchell's house boss. Boy she's in a bad way.
Where is she.
The heelots.
This is Sourpuss. Er excuse me. Er Mr. Smithers Mr. Doe.
Th—that's all right. If you didn't call me Sourpuss it wouldn't feel natural. There are snickers from the background.
Hey pretty nifty huh.
Now that's all right isn't it.
Listen pal—this fifth column stuff's pretty rotten isn't it.[11]
Is that so. Then what's a big political boss like Hammett doing in town. And a labor leader like Bennett. And a lot of other big shots who are up at D. B.'s house right now. Wolves John wolves waiting to cut up the John Does. Wait till you get a gander at that speech you're gonna make tonight.
Show me an American who can keep his mouth shut and—I'll eat him.
It's not a lie. Nickels and dimes. To stuff into their own pockets. You can read all about it in the newspapers there.
Let go of me. This man had no intention of jumping off of the top of a building. He was paid to say so. Do you deny that.
Oh.
Yep. There was a major league scout there watching me too. And he came down after the game with a contract. Do you know what. I couldn't life my arm to sign it. But I'll be okay again as soon as I get it fixed up.
Floor seats.
Mind if we make a stop on the way. We busted Frank Antonucci on possession. He gave us a lead on that Polk Street jewelry heist.
Phoney Frank. Don't waste your time. He'd tell you his granny was in on the Kennedy assassination if he could dodge a collar.
Could I please have a little water.
I got a couple thousand bucks. You could leave town.
Am I gettin' the car.
That's right and a plane waiting at the airport. If he doesn't
And what about bars. We can talk to neighbors to see what bars he frequents.
I want a plane waiting at the airport. I'll tell them where I want to go when I get there.
Only at the very end.
SWAT is a lifesaving unit you know.
Is there something wrong with that.
I don't really like to drink.
Do you really.
So what do I say to this guy.
You could say something like Tell me what the scumbag's name is. Maybe we can work something out.
You tell me.
To save lives.
I bought you a four-six exacta box. You owe me twenty bucks.
How much you wanna bet.
That's a chance I gotta take.
How's Paco doing.
You like this place.
Why don't you come back up with me Ronnie.
Scottie
That's right. We've got to bare it all. Here and now. 'Cause I think I'm finally ready to go for it
Prude.
Who's running it.
Are these yours.
What do you want.
Because I took it out of your memory.
You are not a God.
It's not real.
Corporate fingerprints all over it.
The only way to eject it is from the inside.
One condition.
What is it.
The truth.
Why would I do that.
We drugged her. So she wouldn't remember.
Then where is she.
You said we were on the same programming team.
And it meant something.
Not you. A copy.
Because you'll never believe me.
Voice activate.
Program name.
Connect to public access.
WE CAN'T BREAK FREE.
Alpha. Is there any way we can defeat this monster. Any way at all.
Yeah right.
I told them it was too dangerous but they wouldn't listen.
There seems to be some confusion about your registration. I believe I can find you a place at the Ambassador. Many persons of the Jewish faith find it quite
What you're sayin' makes a lotta sense. Ya know if I keep on killin' people like I have I won't have no more friends left.
One fuckin' year ago I had ta hit you up for train fare. Now I can buy the fuckin' train. And I ain't even a fuckin' Sicilian.
I'm Bobby Clowes. Kansas City.
I remember reading a poem in college. Sicily. Poor noble isle.
Tell me something Meyer. How can you get up at dawn to walk on the beach if you're on your honeymoon.
Boo-Boo.
Are you frightened.
I came into this world flat on my ass.
Shane was a friend of yours.
When you're investigatin' how long ya keep at it.
Bastard didn't even show.
He's hidin'. Word's out Tommy Reina's goin' over ta Maranzano.
Well
You here with Bobby.
Come on. It's Christmas. At least stay for breakfast.
You could have stopped him.
A lot of shit came out of me in the hospital. I'm sorry you got hit by it.
I'm gonna lose you Charlie.
Charlie.
Come on Charlie. We gotta have a top guy. Otherwise these wars ain't never gonna stop.
Who'll make the rules.
Charlie I'm from the old country and these American ways get me sometimes confused. You tellin' us you refuse the title of Boss of All the Bosses.
Well good. Woman like that you don't have to keep an eye on.
How soon can we pull this off.
Tommy Reina's gone over to Maranzano but so far Masseria ain't lifted a finger
The fat man's scared. Scared of us and scared without us. Same with Maranzano. We gotta get their minds back on each other. This fuckin' peace is killin' us.
What's your problem.
Yeah. So who the fuck does.
We're gonna change it Bugs. Once we get rid of the Dons the Commission's gonna rule. No more wars. No more vendettas. No more Boss of All the Bosses.
I know. When the storm hits it don't pay to be caught outside.
Tommy tells me that Capone's coming in from Chicago.
And what went on your little party in Atlantic City. I got ears.
How can I trust you when you look at me like that.
Every successor will owe his loyalty to us. Together we take out Maranzano and each family gets a piece of his operation.
If you give him the chance Lansky will betray you like Judas.
They do what I tell 'em.
And if I had known I would have warned you to expect this. We could have prepared.
We were overdue to get hit.
The Big Picture.
Wanna know what I think.
I'm comin' for my twenty thousand.
Kill them. Kill them.
Jeez Bugsy. Ya like ta scared the crap outta me.
Now don't pick a fight. I'm staying over.
Who did this.
I was uh just getting ready to leave
Hey Stu why so glum. Everybody loves a good humiliation nightmare.
I have a girl up there. And I never - I should've - I just want to tell her I love her.
DEATH.
Three months. <i></i> There's always some brain damage. But at three monthsthe chances of coming back shrink dramatically with every day.
Well nothing. It's a benefit. But we could probably get <u>People</u> and <u>Entertainment Tonight</u> to cover it.
Sorry Julie - won't be a minute. Now Stu - I know you don't like the idea but you really ought to talk to these guys -
Kid - didn't they tell you about this party.
You're Death's <u>brother</u>.
The monkey of course. It was his idea.
You're acting kind ofodd.
It looks so<u>new</u>.
I had so much I always wanted to say to him. At least he had a chance to give you the ring.
Kimmy he doesn't know what's going on. He doesn't even know he's in a -
Please Julie. This is not easy for me. Our father took a <u>long</u> time to die. A long time. It just about killed us all. And Stu and I made a pact that when our time came - we wouldn't let it drag out.
You can't do this. You'll get in trouble.
You're the only true-hearted man I ever met. You find a way back to that girl of yours and make her happy.
Move it. We got exactly five minutes left.
My daughter lives across the street from you people and she tells me that you keep this area safe. Is that true.
But I was dusting.
Don this is my mother. Mom this is my boss Don Palmer.
Oh I don't want to be in the way. You've got your career and everything.
You know you ought to come out to South Dakota some time and meet my son Steve. He's single.
Where to.
Not me sonny. I'm just going to sit around and listen. What's this.
Oh yesthey're fine peopleregular people.
Look out for those fellowsthey tell the truth about yousometimes. That corner over there is reserved for guides and sightseers who come in for five minutes to rest their feet. That section over there is reserved for Senator's friends. The front rowthe empty oneis for the President and White House guests see that old couple over there they've attended every session for the last twenty years. Over the clock back here is the Diplomatic section. They and the page boys are the only real class we have in this place. The rest are mostly people who come here like they go to the zoo
Herelet me give you a Boy Ranger button.
Sure. Sure. I'll hang a light in the steeple. One if by landtwo if by sea. Okay. Dizyou won't believe it. Daniel Boone's *lost*.
Getting on to dinner isn't it pal.
The Silver Knight. Soul of Honoron a tight-rope.
Frankly kidare you goofy.
Okay. So what. Stop worrying. I've told youthe dopes are gonna inherit the earth anyway
Now you've gone and let Don Quixote in here again. I told you to keep him out.
Nowhow'd Humpty-Dumpty get in here.
Like a mother sending her kid off to school for the first timewatchin' the little fella toddling offin his best bib and tuckerand you sink in the middlehoping he can stand up to the other kidswon't get his feeling hurtandif you could only spare him the knocks he's gotta take Saywho started this.
Or angry little mountain streams and cattle moving against the sun. You haven't seen any of that have you Diz.
Do we *have* to.
I case you don't knowI want to give ya a chance to back out if you don't like it
You said it.
Thenin the name of kindness to dumb animalswe can't let him walk into that Senate tomorrow and take a terrible punch in a nose. A couple of us went up theretold him all he could do was beat itresignclear out. Buthe's in a dazehe's been hit by a ton of bricks. Just says I haven't done anything. Why should I resign. He might *listen* to *you*
I'll bear that in mind What. Oh. Dinner. Petmy stomach couldn't hold a bird seed.
All set. Foley's rooms in the Senate office buildingnice big clean desklot of Senator stationery to write his little boys onand Foley's secretary Saunders to make it look like the real thing
All right why.
WellyesI was sayingthe State should reward you
Aw
A dirty frame.
A pet shop.
I just can't sonnot the head and tail both.
When Jeff gets through with Taylor Pop
Look. There it is.
You should hear our Ranger Band rattle that offif you want to *hear* something. Good evening Miss Saunders. Good evening Mister McGann.
Has the gentleman the effrontery standing there convicted and in disgraceto try to force the postponement of that bill.
Oh now
Yes I'm Saundersand this is Mr. Moorea member of the press. Meet the *Senator* Mr. Moore.
Gee I'm sorry. You see it wasn't until I was fairly well along in the bus that I realized
big as lifesparkling away there under the sun. II started walking toward itand there was a bus outside andwellII just naturally got aboard
Tell me Miss Saunderswhat time does the Senateuhwhat do they call it.
Convene.
Convenethat's ityes. I got to pick up some of those parliamentary words. I imagine a fellow can get pretty lost in the Senate without 'em
Right.
Fine. Now what does he do. He's got to sit down first and write it up. The where when why howand everything else. That takes time
And with your help
Committee.
Some committee's got it.
Yes. Sure. What's a Steering Committee.
I didandand I got right up.
Yes yes
No they couldn't. Father was a doctor. The kind who placed ethics above collections. That speaks well for Father but it always left us kind of Could we get on with this Senator.
I don't see where we are *with* it.
Well if it's all the same to you
Now *Susan*that's really a *pretty* name
No
Wellno. I didn't. Why.
Do you want to dictate them.
IIgee whizI didn't thank you.
*Who*. Miss. Is that. Why didn't you. Holy smoke; H-hello Yes Miss Paine How how are you Miss Paine. What. Escort *you* GeeI mean*sure* *yes*. I'd be. Reception for a *princess*. Gosh. Thanks Miss Paine. Yes. II'll be there. Goodbye Miss Paine. Did you hear that.Escort Susan Painereception for a princess. Imagine her calling measking *me* .
Hello.
What you *have* to do is fight.
Saundersif there was *any* way
Ah. That's more like it. What.
So help me God.
We hold these truths to be self- evident that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights Welllooks like the night shift's comin' on.
I saidI meanWashington didn't live to see it finished. Congress didn't move here from Philadelphia till eighteen hundred.
Let's get away from here.
Be quiet ChickI'm trying to think This Deficiency Bill is going to be read in the Senate tomorrow.
That's right.
Saundersit's going to go pretty bad for Jeff tomorrow. There's only one thing that can be done for him now II've written his resignation. He resigns under protestdenying all charges. No one will ever be sure if he was guilty or not. It leaves him with at least a shred of honor. The other waybranded openly in the Senateexpelledhe'll never live it down. Rather a simple compromise than utter ruin. In a yearthe whole thing might be forgotten
Do you.
All right*yes*. And what does that make me to him. *Nothing*. I've got to go about my own businessand forget it.
Jimsuppose we didn't try to go through with this Willet Creek Dam suppose we postpone it until the next session of Congressor drop it altogether
Well at the expense of some of the furniture Susanyou've made another conquest.
Mr. President
Senator Paine.
He's still pixilated.
Any children.
Yes.
You fainted.
Feel better now.
Mmm it tastes so good. Mr. Deeds I don't know how I can ever thank you.
I told 'em I'd play along with them if they lowered their prices - and cut down expenses - and broadcast.
Uh-huh.
Now what do you see.
What's that.
Yeah I know.
He did.
My unfailing instinct tells me something's gone wrong with the stew.
Why. Why do we have to do it.
Listen Babe - get me some stuff on this guy and you can have—
With pay.
Had the boys follow us.
Good. Good. Stay there. Don't show your face down here. I'll tell everybody you're on your vacation. They'll never know where the stories are coming from. Stick close to him Babe - you can get an exclusive story out of him every day for a month. We'll have the other papers crazy. Babe I could kiss you.
Last night he proposed to me.
I'm going to tell him the truth.
Oh as bad as that huh.
But a half million dollars. My goodness where are we going to get—
Will you show Mr. Hallor to the front door.
Yes sir.
He's not home I tell you.
I wanna see that guy.
Better wire him right away John.
Relatives of old man Semple.
Newspaperman.
I can't find him.
Find out who wrote those newspaper articles and subpoena them right away.
Well he passed on. He was killed in a motor accident in Italy.
You're going to New York with us.
It's merely a suggestion. I don't wish to press the point Mr. Deeds but if you'll give me your Power of Attorney we'll take care of everything. It'll save you a lot of petty annoyances. Every shark in town will be trying to sell you something.
I think you ought to give this matter some thought Mr. Deeds.
I mean about the Power of Attorney.
You're not my attorney yet Mr. Cedar. Not till I find out what's on your mind. Suppose you get the books straightened out quick so I can have a look at them.
That's very kind of you. Are you related to him.
Well we'd like to find out something about him. What does he do for a living.
Oh it'll do in a pinch.
Well whenever I run across a funny name I always like to poke around for a rhyme. Don't you.
There once was a man named Cobb Who kept Semple away from the mob. Came the turn of the tide And Semple - he died - And now poor Cobb's out of a job.
Jim Mason. Oh yeah. Yeah. No I didn't send it. I've got it written out though. Here it is. Arthur's been with the Tallow Works too long. STOP. Don't think we should fire him. Longfellow.
I can't hold out on you any longer. Lamb bites wolf. Beautiful.
Not editors. Take my word for it. Not editors.
But what about this Cinderella Man.
You see Mr. Deeds the opera is not conducted for profit.
You remember Dr. Fosdick in my last book there are some very fine examples.
Why I turned them down naturally.
No I mean - about my client.
No - I don't want it thank you.
Brookfield just came in.
Thanks but Miss Dawson and I are going out to see the sights.
How about lunch. Are the gentlemen going to stay - or not.
Farmer.
South Dakota north.
Is she home.
Why I'm assisting you sir.
Get up from there. I don't want anybody holding the ends of my pants. Get up from there.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
She was a lady in distress. She wouldn't let me help her. Got a lot of pride. I like that.
Why that's an echo sir.
You try it.
Shall I call the police sir.
It's the kids you know not Jeremy. He had nothing to do with this except pay of course. He's always willing to pay. He's extremely generous. I'm so humiliated that my own children would threaten me.
Mr. Cook.
Syndrome Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Why not.
You remember when I asked you about pornography 
I feel like we're making real progress here.
Do you want to come in.
So is this like a Japanese restaurant.
You're early it's not ready. What happened.
Man you see him a lot. And it's very wrong to reveal it. Next you'll be saying what his problem is.
And.
Yes you do you damn well do.
Okay.
It's a country club. Don't worry about it.
Maybe you'll catch it.
People usually have to get to know me before they hate me.
We don't discuss it.
You've got a funny idea of funny.
In the capitol for Boy's Nation. Five days. Why.
And this is legitimate therapy.
I don't know if 
You're upset.
Given that I'm obviously not going to be judging things in the most realistic way.
I think so.
Transference.
Hello.
Sofie
Oh.
You got off easy.
That's not quite what I said 
What are you doing. We're not done. I just need to find the thing
No kidding Panda. Where'd that come from.
I've got three big ones.
Hey Skip.
Doesn't matter. You can call me Doc.
I know it starts with a birth certificate
I've never brought anyone down here before.
There are a lot of lonely people in the world. Somebody's gonna figure this out someday.
Really.
Lily.
Lily Skip that's great. You and Lily.
Forgive me please. What a gracious thought. We must do that.
No mortal weapons can kill this creature. He is not of this world.
I never killed a priest before.
The ritual to bring the body of Anck- su-namun back to life.
Let's make us even shall we.
Goin' somewhere.
Where's your new friend.
You shall see.
What just happened.
Then we will kill her we will kill her and all those with her.
The sun turning black.
Do you realize we are standing inside a room that no one has entered in over four thousand years.
How do you know the box pertains to Hamunaptra.
Yeah I was there.
You swear.
Did I miss something. Are we going into battle.
Oh my god It's a preparation room.
How.
Egypt is in my blood. My father was a famous explorer he loved Egypt so much that he married an Egyptian. My mother. Who was quite an adventurer herself
Got guts lady.
Right right in a big underground treasure chamber. Everybody knows the story. The entire necropolis was rigged to sink into the sand. On Pharaoh's command a flick of the switch. And the whole place could disappear beneath the dunes.
You told me you found it on a dig down in Thebes.
I'm your sister.
Ummm Hootash im Hootash im now what is this last symbol here.
You're welcome to my share of the spider webs.
What are you going to do. Shoot him.
Who's here.
Damn-it. That's two down and only two to go.
We gotta get her back.
I guess you know just about everything don't you Lance.
And you can't count Horst Buckholtz anyway.
Have you considered my offer.
Thanks for reminding me which team I'm on.
Hi.
Curiosity.
Why.
So how do you know that you've ever been invisible.
Maybe you should try a more romantic approach.
Or flowers.
So where's the art.
The who.
I can appreciate what Your Majesty is saying but the Emperor has staked everything on this policy. He has no other way to attack England and no one knows more than Your Majesty how his overtures for peace have been rejected.
I have no doubt that he has Your Majesty but does he have any strong moves from which to choose.
I must confess he would look a bit silly fighting his way to Moscow and turning right around again.
Proceed.
What do you think Napoleon will do.
And what a delightful idea.
What do you mean.
Ah my dear friend come in come in. Please sit down.
We expect an attack on the Convention tomorrow morning at daybreak and I have been placed in charge of its defense.
Are you serious.
Any cannon.
You could have them here by daybreak.
Is this enough to oppose 40000 men.
Would you be prepared to handle this for me.
In every practical sense yes but officially of course I would have to retain command.
But sire Your Majesty would lay Paris open to being sacked. The enemy is outside the gates with more than 120000 men. Besides this I left the city under the terms of a treaty and I am forbidden to reenter Paris.
I believe it was arranged by Marshals Mortier and Marmont. I must explain to you that we have had no orders all day. Each marshal has been keeping his own position.
That is incredible.
She was sitting there and it was as if I had last seen her only the night before She hadn't changed she was still the same still completely devoted to me and she told me we were going to see each other again and never again leave each other She has promised me. Did you see her.
Yes sir I am.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
I haven't been there for three years.
I haven't been back for ten years. Is your family still there.
Why are you carrying the dog.
It is the work of incendiaries.
Ah good evening my dear Duroc. I'm afraid I've been out hunting and I have had a rather bad fall.
I believe you issued an order that all citizens of Paris must hand over any weapons that they have in their possession.
This morning a Lieutenant and three soldiers came to our house and asked if we had weapons. I explained we had only my late father's sword which in fact was not a weapon but only a keepsake of memory.
No sir.
No not as a rule.
You must be chilled to the bone standing out of doors like this.
Is it a nice warm room sir.
Only Lisette.
Oh yes of course. Have you met my daughter Hortense.
Yes we introduced ourselves at the door.
Oh I don't want to put you to any inconvenience.
No I'm afraid I never had the pleasure of meeting the General. This sword was taken several days ago from your son by some of my soldiers.
No.
Yes.
Were any of them prettier than I am.
Will you be joining us soon.
Yes I wrote it.
I couldn't face telling you.
I questioned the maid and she admitted Charles had been Madame Bonaparte's lover for several months.
Does she deserve anything better.
That is a matter of opinion.
Then do you propose to arrest all of us Citizen Lieutenant. For I was not there alone.
Naw it ain't like that.
If you see that boy again bite off his ear off like Mike Tyson.
Yeah you gotta have a little money to live out here Craig. I never thought I'd be the kinda nigga to move to the suburbs. But as soon as I got my check I was gone. Paid 230 thousand dollars cash on this house.
Me too. You think they're in there.
Where's that boy that told me Day-Day was here.
Sorry bro reflexes. How did you do that.
Must be nice. I wish we won the lottery. Come up on a million dollars like ya'll.
Who is that.
You walked.
How can they do this.
No.
Thanks for noticing. It used ta be peaceful before they got out. Took over the house and caused my mother's nervous breakdown.
Next time page me first.
What is it.
What's the matter.
You too.
Nice to meet you.
Who the fuck is that Day-Day.
Let it go Roach trust me.
Hey.
Wet your eyes boy. Stay in there for about 20 minutes.
20 minutes.
Just do it.
During a campaign every speech is important. This is free media exposure. Primetime news coverage that we couldn't buy.
What happened here.
Where to sir.
I remember youin the elevator.
You shot her.
No.
And your husband works for somebody else.
Come with us sir.
Pay attention Mr. Watson. Pay attention and your daughter won't be hurt.
Yes yes I understand.
I will do no such thing.
I kill her - and you kill me.
How am I supposed to get away.
One thirty. California Ballroom.
twenty-six minutes to get your shit together.
So come on. You never saw us kiss like that.
Nods.
What's that. You have to speak up. I'm a little deaf in this ear. Between that and my wooden leg I'm a mess. Compliments of the United States Army Artillery Corps.
Hi.
Fuckin' A.
Hey would you look at this crazy car. Everybody has their own radio. What do you think of that.
This is what they call the jack. Hi Jack.
He's going to help the police. Your daddy is going to be a hero.
That's pretty good.
I've done much better ones than this.
I'm not a baby.
Close your eyes.
You got this under control.
Get moving.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Only you.
What gives.
Out shopping you're bleeding Dad 
Yes Dad.
You understand.
I will guard Pearl with my life
and I won't never tell about the money.
'Twas down at Cresap's Landing Along the River Shore Birdie Steptoe was a Pilot in the good old days of yore. Now he sets in his old wharf-boat
Yep; gotta watch out for Pearl Uncle Birdie.
AAA-MENN.
The Lord said Take that money and throw it in the River.
Yeah and ornerier than the rest.
There's a little peach brandy maybe a sip.
String that Bluebeard up to a pole.
That feller's just achin' to settle down with some nice woman and make a home for himself.
My dear dear friends. Whatever would I do without you.
Hm.
She's gone to Moundsville.
Don't you hurt her.
Why he told me what fine little lambs you and your sister both was.
Huh.
You ain't my Dad. You won't never be my Dad.
Yes.
You're just foolin'. My name's Pearl.
O no. Your turn.
About our secrets.
You're Ruby ain't you my child.
Only she won't never let me play with it.
That's mighty brave of you Reverend.
I reckon it's been ordained this way Brother Spoon.
Didn't didn't she leave no word.
No Harry. I thought 
Somewheres down river. Parkersburg mebbe. Cincinnati. One of them Sodoms on the Ohio River.
What'd you all talk about.
Miz Cooper.
Nightmares are expected after psychological trauma. Don't worry they go away.
Look I know it's been frightening I know your dreams have seemed real. But it's okay. Okay.
How long's this been going on.
Since the murder. She was fine before that.
Sometimes I wish you didn't live right across the street.
You believe in the Boogey Man.
Listen I got a crazy favor to ask.
Whenever I get nervous I eat.
I can save you the trouble. You're nutty as a fruitcake. I love you anyway.
You crazy. Hit him with what.
I've got a proposition for you. Listen very carefully please.
Lieutenant Thompson. Sorry to wake you but 
Guess I should'n'a done it.
How could somebody get under the covers with you guys without you knowing it.
Well then how can you say somebody else was there.
Jungle man fix Jane.
Thank you Comrade thank you.
Aren't you late.
Too bad you missed an inspiring day Anna.
About what.
I see.
Ninotchka I wouldn't bring this up if we weren't such good friends.
Are you the Buljanoff who fought on the barricades. And now you are afraid to take a room with a bath.
Comrades. Comrades. Don't let's give in so quickly. After all we have to uphold the prestige of Russia.
Or it might be the firing squad.
And the surprise is there's nothing in it.
We don't like Razinin.
We can say whatever we want. We can shout we can complain Look The service in this hotel is terrible. See. Nobody comes nobody pays any attention. That's freedom.
This is the apartment we have reserved for you Comrade Yakushova. I hope you like it.
Comrades I'm out of the omelet.
With our cream situation what it is it is Russia which should apologize to the cats.
A blue shirt perhaps.
I am Gaston.
Have you.
I want you to know all the White Russian exiles in Paris are keeping their fingers crossed about the jewels. They are very interested in the case. Swana suspects her countrymen.
Count d'Algout
Well I think it's getting late. Good night Ninotchka.
Don't call it desertion. Our little restaurant that is our Russia the Russia of borscht the Russia of beef Stroganoff blinis with sour cream
All right go ahead get her on the witness stand. What can she say.
What proposition.
Comrade Buljanoff
Bad news.
This is Comrade Kopalski.
A Special Envoy is coming from Moscow. He'll occupy the Royal Suite. Move our things to the smallest room you've got.
Yes monsieur.
The same spring we had in Paris. Just as good.
Don't hold that against me please.
On the contrary I don't want to have anything to do with them.
Now look here you advertise all over the world that you want people to go into your country and when someone tries to get in you keep him out.
What.
In other words you don't know.
Technical I couldn't help you from that angle. You see a real Parisian only goes to the top of the tower in moments of despair to jump off.
Here here we are here you are and here I am feel it.
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society. It is having a superior earning power that makes you like that.
A Russian. I love Russians. Comrade I have been fascinated by your Five- Year Plan for the past fifteen years.
And what is your profession.
Thank you.
You don't have to do a thing. Chemically we are already quite sympathetic.
A Polish lancer. I was sixteen.
You know I want to
Then how did you get here.
Your tactics are useless. My name is neither Buljanoff Iranoff nor Kopalski.
Why.
Then you should go back to your table.
On which boat.
Do you like Scotch stories.
I'll tell you that joke again. A man comes into a restaurant. Did you get that.
He sits down at the table and says to the waiter Did you get that too.
Comrades. Comrades.
Darling darling please.
Who cried that one.
They belong to the people.
Trying to keep me away from you. It couldn't be done. Naturally I couldn't go on forever punching passport officials in the nose but I found a way didn't I. Darling I had to see you. I wrote and wrote but all my letters came back.
Did you win.
He's a waiter at the Clarence poor devil. You know him.
Is anything wrong. Are you ill.
Make it ice cold.
Oh no my little Volga boatman. Have you forgotten our First Commandment: Never Complain Never Explain. It has worked so often and so perfectly don't let's break the rule. And please don't look so guilty otherwise I'll
All right I'll listen.
Leon. This has the ugly sound of regeneration.
You're right madame it will all be over by Thursday.
How stale last night's gaiety looks. It has the taste of a dead cigarette.
Madame if you
They always belonged to the Russian people. They were paid for with their sweat their blood their lives and you will give them back.
In other words moral ideas have no weight with you all right then let's deal with legal facts. You know that France has recognized the Soviet.
Good morning Comrade Commissar. Here is my report on the materials available for trading in the next four months.
Well Comrade I am afraid you will have to turn over that work to someone else.
Where is it.
What is it Rakonin. Did you lose your job.
No madame something of the utmost importance it concerns your jewels.
Mr. President I don't know what to say. As soon as we learned from the Secret Service you were en route the Director was notified. He should be here any minute.
Uh huh 
You say John cut our losses and all the rest. But suppose the thing blows and they indict Bob and the others. Jesus you'd never recover from that John. It's better to fight it out instead and not let people testify 
I'm not going to be the scapegoat for this. Haldeman and Ehrlichman are in just as deep as me.
Yes I got the money.
It was her wrist. And it was through a plate-glass door.
'Cause he hates you. It's worse when you get it from someone you trust.
I think he means the Kennedy assassination.
Martha's an idiot she'll do anything to get John's attention. If Mitchell'd been minding the store instead of that nut Martha we wouldn't have that kid Magruder runnin' some third-rate burglary. Was he smoking pot.
Mitchell.
Oh I suppose you would've just let them take over. These aren't fraternity pranks John. It's anarchy. A revolution.
I don't know if I'd go that far sir.
Is the war worth it. Is it worth a one-term presidency. Because I think right now that's what we're looking at.
We can't touch Hoover 
Sorry 
No sir you did not.
 an action that will at last once and for all show that what I knew and what I did with regard to the Watergate break-in and cover-up were just as I have described them to you from the very beginning 
He's completely lost touch with reality.
Can we get around this Al.
Lincoln used it.
 you mentioned the Bay of Pigs several times. Sooner or later they're going to want to know what that means. They're going to want to know what was on that gap 
It was just a fishing expedition. Apparently it was their fourth attempt at the DNC.
I think I think that's the sort of very dangerous and irresponsible suggestion that helping the Cuban exiles who oppose Castro would uh not only be a violation of international law it would be 
I don't understand. Track 2's Chile.
But hell this is nothing compared to Venezuela. When I was Vice President Ike sent me down there like a blocking back. They threw rocks broke out our windows almost overturned the car. Read Six Crises Bob. Boy Pat was brave.
Sir.
I believe you're right boss.
You know why they're turning on me. They're not serious about power that's why. They're playing with power. They're forgetting the national interest. In the old days people knew how to hold power how to set limits. They wouldn't have torn this country apart over a third-rate burglary. All they care about now are their egos looking good at cocktail parties 
You played it perfectly sir cocksucker. He's going to think twice before he leaks again.
We've got to turn the faucet off on this thing. It's out of control  You might burden just me with this in the future.
Helms wants Iran or there might be problems. All of his old CIA buddies are over there making a fortune off the Shah.
More light chief.
Relax Dick it's just me The desert's so beautiful isn't it. I want to go home Dick. Time to go home.
Is there something else that's bothering you Mr. President.
You're referring of course to chairing the Special Operations Group as Vice President.
Not Joaquin you idiot. Nixon. Did you hear what he said in Oregon. About me having too much power.
I never met the man.
No Henry. I don't.
Who are you talking to like this you insignificant shit 
You'll pick up the middle on this one - the Jews and Negros.
But it must be done; your government is paralyzed.
All kinds of shit would come out. Like the Ellsberg thing. You knew about that Henry didn't you.
I I heard something It sounded idiotic.
 Uh I hope this doesn't embarrass you.
Not at all. This is not going to leak is it.
Just uh you know.
We let you down didn't we. Your people.
I must say you look very good Mr. Chairman.
Don't ever trust them. They never tell the truth or honor their commitments. Vietnamese are like Russians. Both are dogs.
What are you going to do about this Allende fellow nationalizing our businesses in Chile. You gonna send Kissinger down there.
Rocky's full of shit. No way he's going to get nominated west of the Hudson with a new wife. He's gonna be drinking Scotches in retirement at some goddamn country club with the rest of the Republicans.
The Jewboy's a Harvard whore with the morals of an eel sells himself to the highest bidder.
You need her Dick in '60 she was worth five six million votes.
This isn't '48 Dick. They'll never buy it.
 give me a break Mary.
Edgar wonderful to see you. Clyde hi.
Syracuse.
I like jazz 
No we don't. You're full of shit. You say you want to end the war so why don't you. My brother died over there last November. Why. What good was his death.
There's a lot more at stake here than what you want. Or even what I want 
You know Fred they sell tickets.
POWs. And their families.
Maybe I should get out of the game. What do you think Buddy. Go back to being a lawyer and end up with something solid some money at the end of the line You know I keep thinking of my old man tonight. He was a failure too.
No. I'm not going to listen to any more speeches ever again.
It's over Dick.
I'll concede in the morning.
What are you saying. What are you talking about.
We can be happy. We really can. We love you Dick. The girls and I
He doesn't want me at the funeral.
Then call him. I'm sure it was an oversight.
I don't want them to love me.
I do. I do. In my own way.
I'm not scared Buddy. You don't understand. They're playing for keeps Buddy. The press the kids the liberals they're out there trying to figure out how to tear me down.
I'm the only left Dick. If you don't talk to me you 
Howya doin'. New York treating you okay. I'm sorry I haven't been able to see you at all
Sounds like you got a crisis syndrome. Aren't you exaggerating a bit Dick. Call it three-and-a-half maybe four 
Whatcha predicting your boy Goldwater going to split the party.
Got a letter from your wife. She writes pretty regular tells me the family news.
Want a cup.
That man that shot you died in prison.
When did he die.
No ID in her room.
No money in his room there.
I suppose. Though they was leavin' in a hurry.
Yes.
I don't know what I do feel like.
I don't know. Sometimes I think he's pretty much a ghost.
Why you tellin' me that Sheriff.
Does that look to you like about a '77 Ford Wendell.
Yessir his vehicle. Man killed Lamar's deputy took his car killed someone on the highway swapped for his car and now here it is and he's swapped again for god knows what.
Well. Old age flattens a man.
Yessir. But then there's this other. He nods up the ridge away from the highway.
We goin' in.
Yes sir.
You gonna drive out there.
Okay.
How'd you sleep.
Fine. I don't wanna know. I don't even wanna know where you been all day.
Odessa.
Not we you. Stay with your mother.
Uh-huh.
Yes I did.
Where does he work.
Airport.
I don't know.
Yeah. I know where you're going.
You know she won't be there.
For instance. I used birshot. So as not to blow the window.
Yes I do.
Sir.
I didn't put nothin' up.
Well you give me the model number of the tent I can order you the poles.
You want to change rooms.
What about one forty-two.
I know how he found me.
It's called a transponder.
Not any way.
Took me about three hours.
I been immobile.
Yes.
You didn't take the product did you.
The heroin. You don't have it.
Oh you know the usual keeping the world safe.
You should get the order you want.
plenty
You bet I did. I got a squad car on the way to the reservation right now.
Bad idea
You're lying.
What the hell do you want. Hey Sue Ann what's up.
Worry about your own goddamn lunch.
Need something else.
Oh. How come.
So you weren't involved with him in his pathetic attempt to diversify. Were you mixed up in the drugs Betty.
well if you're not going to slit my throat why'd you come up here.
I am.
Thirty-two.
I better go check on them.
Yeah me too.
I beg your pardon.
That's very kind of you.
Right Del. Del was one hot salesman. Of cars. He could talk anyone into anything.
Wow You just gave me goosebumps you know that. You make it all sound so real. Great improv
Of course.
At last. I know how much you want this. You're gifted and extremely determined but it's not up to me.
Your lines are in the script but you can ad lib.
What do you mean. What did I do to you
But I'm David I mean I'm not David but she thinks I am. You heard her Stop staring at me I'm not crazy she is.
So call me when you 
No I do not want any goddamn what was all that shit on the phone about the new Buicks.
I took the blue Corsica Del. Relax.
What.
well then you ain't got much.
Yeah I guess there's nothing like watching those tenpins fall huh Del.
It's people with no lives watching other people's fake lives.
I'm great good content. What happened to your arm Roy.
Well I was worried about you and I wanted to make sure you were alright and I guess I was sort of hoping I could ask you about what happened
You're in serious danger.
Europe. The Europe. This is my first time out of Kansas.
Did you love it.
I'm getting back with my ex-fianc. He proposed to me right around here so I guess this is just sort of a sentimental stop
You take care of yourself then Betty and don't let anybody stop you
No no no. We know all that. What happened with you.
I'm not. I just drove in from Kansas.
It's something I had to do. For David.
Had. She died in a car accident last year. She was decapitated.
Doctor David Ravell.
Either you're making a fool out of me because you get off on it or you got serious problems. Which one is it.
Were you with him this whole time.
To a party in the Hollywood Hills.
There was blood everywhere Rosa. I saw it I think I watched the whole thing happen Oh my God
These guys are here to help you Betty.
No that should be more than 
Here's Ghengis Kunt and The Demilitarized Zone. Get it. They're Korean so they're pretty hot.
The fuck you talking about.
Did you know the most brutal inhumane prison of the entire war was in Georgia.
If we're for real.
Are you out of your mind. You scalped him.
Well why'd you shoot him.
I wasn't done I was just sick of hearing him whine. And you didn't take him out you scalped him. Christ I almost puked did I tell you that.
Well why'd you have to tell that Indian story.
Let me tell you something. In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring. The guys who get the calls are good not flashy just good. They get in they get out. Nobody knows a goddamn thing. Understand. Boom boom boom. Three in the head and you know they're dead.
So she gets rid of the asshole and is set for life in the same day.
You think so. Joyce says she's timid.
among others.
No I see Betty as a Midwestern Stoic type. Ice water in her veins. A clear thinker. Probably a Swede or a Finn.
Betty Betty Betty
So what the fuck's a Finn.
It's not an exact science Wesley. He said they'll be here My Houston contact has always been very reliable.
Worse you're in Texas.
We should go.
It just didn't fit her profile
I said 'got it.'
I don't like talking bad about the dead but now that he's gone I can tell you she put up with things in that marriage I wouldn't have. And yes she of all people was the one who defended him. And that's why what that sheriff said makes me so angry.
If anyone had paid to have that husband of hers killed it would have been me.
This story is beyond belief which is perfect for us. It's free advertising and it's gonna run for months.
Why would I give a shit how you feel. And I got news for you. I loved your 'icy water' idea the other day I'm toying with the idea of killing David Ravell off in a boating accident.
Jesus don't do that. If it gets around that you fired me I'll never land a pilot.
Ahh Mercedes I think. Black.
Would you say she was ambitious.
Mrs. Rogers. I'm Dwight Campbell with Neighborly Life Insurance. I'm looking for Betty Sizemore.
Aren't they precious. Ma'am she has a substantial death benefit coming to her from the tragic loss of her husband. Does she have any relatives in the area.
Yeah.
Once again we find ourselves in agreement. What kind of work do you do Big Dan.
I like to think that I'm a pretty astute observer of the human scene.
No they never did turn me into a toad.
It's Tommy. They got Tommy.
In any state.
Pullin' ah pants down
Where's your ring honey.
Ain't gonna be no weddin'.
Not your
Or it might a been under the mattress.
You -
Well now honey that ring is at the bottom of a pretty durned big lake.
Uh-huh.
Pete's cousin turned us in for the bounty.
The hell it ain't square one. Ain't no one gonna pick up three filthy unshaved hitchhikers and one of 'em a know-it-all that can't keep his trap shut.
It's awful white of ya to take it like that Everett. I feel wretched spoilin' yer play for a million dollars'n point two. It's been eatin' at my guts.
We prayed to God and he pitied us.
Boys that was some mighty fine pickin' and singin'. You just sign these papers and I'll give you ten dollars apiece.
Holy-moly. These boys're a hit.
It's bona fide.
I ain't never going back to that school sir.
Thank you sir.
Hi Byron.
Nobody. Just a girl I've been making it with the last couple of weekends.
I wrote. Not every week
I knew you'd make it. Where's your girl. Didn't she come.
Hey did you hear. Sands and Kantrowitz DORed last night. Survival of the fittest.
Zack we've got to go.
Yes Joe.
He doesn't mean anything by it Zack. Do you Joe.
Hey what do you say we call off this little charade of yours over a couple of beers at Trader Jon's. Come on man. You're about as close to being officer material as me.
I don't want to do something anybody can do.
It's important sir.
See you in the fleet sir.
Pardon.
Before that.
Now when I say understand I want the whole group to say Yes sir. Understand.
Yes sir.
Louder.
Stop eyeballing me boy. You are not worthy enough to look your superiors in the eye. Use your peripheral vision. Understand.
Uh-uh. Not a chance. There's nobody in this town doing anything with his life except what his father did which is nothing. If I can't have more out of life than that I'd rather be dead.
Cake walk. Both my dad and my brother went through it and made it so I know I can.
Vietnam.
I had a big brother who died over there too. He wasn't no flyer though. He was just your basic Marine Corps type. I was only twelve when it happened so I don't remember much about him.
Sid Worley I think you're ashamed of me.
Ashamed. No I love you Lynette. I mean that. After I leave them I'll meet you at the motel okay.
By the way shouldn't you have had a period by now.
How late.
What're you doing out of uniform Sid. You don't want to get in trouble.
Forget that. Come on. Got a little surprise
Paula look at the new Poopies.
Yeah I saw 'em. Poor guys.
Great.
Yeah. We've lived all over the world. Katmandu Moscow Nairobi.
I vote for the motel.
Wrong. I've driven a hundred and twenty miles told a hundred and twenty lies and said a hundred and twenty Hail Mary's since I saw you. Hungry.
I don't want you to move.
I don't want to move. But somebody has to move sometime. Eventually.
I'm so embarrassed. I knew I shouldn't have brought you here.
No it's okay. It was a great free meal. Everybody was so uptight I felt sorry for you.
What would you do differently.
Hey. You know goddamn well what happened so let's not play any games okay.
How do you figure that's your bunk.
The kid on the windy side of the baker's window. That's how he put it.
What's the matter Sweet Pea. Foley finally starting to get to you.
Thanks for covering for me.
But she expects you to marry her.
Do you know that for sure.
Please Zack go back to the barracks.
I don't get it. He's the best candidate in our class. Ask anyone. The best student. The best leader. The best friend to everybody. Couldn't you bend your goddamn standards just a little.
No problem.
That's your problem.
 posed to mean.
Fuck.
Keep your voice down.
They're not supposed to be here.
'Bout four o'clock.
I hardly see how family gossip is germane to showing the property.
Push that button for me will you.
We're not gonna do anything about him he's fine.
 seventeen feet wide fifty-five feet deep forty-two hundred square feet four floors with a rentable basement apartment so five altogether courtyard in back 
Shoulda got an apartment.
Fuck him.
That room.
I heard you.
Chills.
What we want is in that room.
What if I keep dropping.
I'm sorry Mom.
Tyrone
Okay now er Huey so what's your telephone number.
Dig it you know those brothers over in San Fran call themselves the Black Panthers too.
Shit man. It was you know spontaneous.
Get out of the car.
What are you crazy.
I ain't gonna shoot you Judge. Look it's over. Just run away. Get out. Stay away from Oakland. Cause it's gone it's gone.
Sabu High white dude's the only thing you could hustle.
Glad you came man.
You want me to put a man on it.
I want it duly noted that this operation was entirely under the auspices of the Oakland Police Department. The FBI doesn't have a monopoly on agents infiltrating enemy organizations my friend. As I've said before Agent Rodgers we have things under control in our city
I don't think that will be any problem
Wait a second there brother
Welcome brother have you decided to get down with us.
I don't know about that.
Aw uh it's was just harassment. My driver's license expired.
Brimmer.
Yeah well they want a lot for their money. They want a felony preferably with violent intent. We've got to give them something. They'll kill me if I don't. And the Panthers are going to kill me if I do. I'm scared.
Shit we made him get his moms to give permission before he could sign up.
Sorry man
Fuck is up.
What are you saying.
Chickenshits. What you bring your buddies with you.
Rose.
Yeah Look man what I gotta say. It's just you me and the rats right. Alright well Sabu's back.
God damn it's him. I gotta go.
You call that a compliment.
It worked. How many men can you raise.
Do you.
Two pounds fourteen ounces.
What unit.
First Virginia Regulars under Colonel Hamilton.
Shall we proceed.
Let us. Unless you object I would like to deem this meeting a formal negotiation and as such there are certain customary practices. Perhaps I could explain them to you
Please accept my apology for not having done so sooner.
Restrain them from the targeting of civilians including women and children.
That is a separate issue.
Their names ranks and posts.
The New York and Rhode Island assemblies have been dissolved
Rioting both sides of the bay in Chestertown they burned the Customs House and tar-and-feathered the Customs Agent. He died of burns. In Wilmington they killed a Royal Magistrate and two Redcoats.
When you have children I hope you'll understand.
What now sir.
These four wagons must be his.
Gabriel. Are you asleep.
She spoke. Susan spoke.
Tarleton has a list of our men most are on it. A regiment of dragoons is going to the homes on the list burning them killing whomever resists women and children as well.
Father tell me what happened at Fort Wilderness.
I don't care. I hate him.
Mister Robinson I fought with Captain Marion in the French and Indian War including the Wilderness Campaign. We served as scouts under Washington and I have no doubts about Captain Marion's courage or competence on a battlefield. There's not a man in this room or anywhere for that matter to whom I would more willingly trust my life.
When.
How many men does Cornwallis have under his command.
His wife was killed yesterday. She was with child.
For what.
How many came back.
I was sorry to hear about your son.
If Cornwallis receives news that Clinton is coming he'll simply hold tight and wait. He'll fight a purely defensive battle and he'll win that.
Put those away.
What if you can't read what's written on there anymore.
Well it still says some animal got laid down here after don't it.
Who is this Paxcow. Is he like the boogeyman.
I'm not tired.
I'm sure you're not.
Excuse me Mr. CrandallI've got to change this kid. It's nice to meet you.
Ayuh I think 'twas. If I see Louis come home before I go to bed I'll tell him to
Movin' in's mighty thirsty work. I usually sit out on my porch of an evening and pour a couple of beers over m'dinner. Come on over and join me if you want.
You need a glass.
Nice.
Yes. Where are we going Jud.
This was their burying ground Louis.
Doesn't look like they last long.
They buried their dead and for a long time their dead stayed buried. Then something happened. Half the tribe died in a season. The rest moved on. They said a Wendigo had soured the ground.
A man doesn't always know why he does things Louis. I think I did it because your daughter ain't ready for her favorite pet to die.
but I think the thought has crossed your mind.
Shit. Look at this mess.
I'll tell you where the ground is sourthe ground in my heart is sour. Let me tell you something else Vic-baby: Wrong is wrong.
The movers
My God.
I heard you tonight.
That's forgotten.
I know whose blood you need to end the curse.
The Pearl. Oh that's fine. And just how do you expect this to work.
That's right.
I'll watch my back.
You can go to your grave not knowing.
No I really think I do.
Thank you sir.
Then why aren't you eating.
I think it would be rather exciting to meet a pirate.
His name is Will Turner that's all I found out.
Commodore I beg you please do this for me. As a wedding gift.
What.
Last time I was here a grand total of three days. Last time the rumrunners who used this island as a cache came by and I bartered passage off. But from the looks of this they've been out of business and so that won't be happening again. We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that.
A month. Will doesn't have a month. We've got to do something to help him.
Don't be thinking I'm happy about this Elizabeth. But I see no use in wailing and gnashing my teeth over that which I can do nothing about.
Drink up me hearties yo ho 
I know a lot of songs about pirates but none I'd teach a child. Let's hear it.
That was before I met one of course.
What are you doing. You've burned our food the shade the rum.
Exactly.
I'm going after the Black Pearl. I know where it's going to be and I'm going to take it.
Somewhat.
We're going to steal a ship. That ship.
I worked passage from England as a cabin boy. After my mother passed I came out here looking for my father.
You think your father is the only man who ever lived the Glasgow life telling folk one thing and then going off to do another. There's quite a few who come here hoping to amass enough swag to ease the burdens of respectable life. And they're all 'merchant marines.'
Go to the opposite end of the island and signal the ship. I'll keep 'em busy.
There's no *real* ship as can match the Interceptor.
He's still breathing.
What happened here.
A moment.
Look I don't mean to rain on everyone's ascension here but we got a little problem.
But in another twenty-four hours the core meltdown will be beyond the stabilization period. There will be no way to stop it.
Pollution.
The body is just another part of nature and ever since we gave up trees for central air there has been nothing sacred about nature. Nature is the enemy Mr. O'Brien and science is our greatest weapon against her.
It's ready now I know it is.
She let it escape because she wants me to die.
Icarus.
Did I. I've been waiting for that for years.
Then perhaps we can use liquid nitrogen to keep the meltdown under control.
Dr. Makeo is working on it now sir. I estimate at least another six hours.
You have no idea what this is doing to your body.
Why don't you just put this in your pocket so when you see a garbage can you can put it where it belongs.
What did he want.
Yeah somebody broke in and stole the samples one of those animal rights groups right. I remember now they freed all the monkeys which caused that huge pileup on the Massachusetts Turnpike right.
Yeah. But it wasn't a group. It was one man.
What's it smell like.
Please Susan. I need help. Something is wrong with me.
What are these.
Why.
Pills you know how I feel about pills.
The nanobot is the only thing that can stabilize the waste.
That's right.
I'm sorry Daniel but you have to admit it's pretty ironic that you of all people would be the first man ever polymerized. It's got to mean something.
What's wrong.
The nanobot it's not here
What did you want my hair for.
No cheese.
Who is he.
Where is it.
Susie I
We were different people then.
Oh yes you are.
Vermin
Icky.
Yes it'll be a very interesting experiment.
Miss Wilson will give you the guest list and any other details you may need Miss Gallagher.
Don't mind Mother.
Certainly. Right over there.
That's a good idea - telephone the police. The number is Spring 3100. Get a couple of cops over and we can have a rubber of bridge.
What do you want.
My name is Smith - well that you seem to have been able to stand for the last month. I'm white male and over twenty-one. I've never been in jail - that is not often. And I prefer Scotch to Bourbon. I hate carrots I hate peas I like black coffee and I hate garters. I make seventy-five bucks a week and I've got eight hundred and forty-seven bucks in the bank - and - I don't know yet whether your eyes are blue or violet.
A little—. Sure I'll be right up. He's all right. I like him.
Got my initials on them too. They're cute. They're nice little things - what do you do with them.
Oh no. No no. Not me. I haven't worn these things for Years.
I thought I was very charming Stewart.
Will you stop being silly Stewart.
But I don't want to meet your gang.
Oh hello Anne– He types furiously.
Now wait don't get excited Anne. There's no reason for that. Perhaps the boys have had a little too much to drink. That's all right. I'm sorry. I'll go right down and throw them out. That's no reason for you to take this attitude. After all I certainly have a right to invite a few of my friends to my house haven't I.
Your house.
This is something I should have done a long time ago only I didn't have sense enough to do it. No I had to stick around here to try and make a success of something that I knew darn well was a failure from the very beginning. But no more. No more. So that's that.
I want to see Stew Smith. Oh excuse me - I mean Mr. Smith.
Pardon me Mr. Smith is engaged. We are having a reception here this evening—
What's the matter. Isn't there a 'bless you' in the crowd.
Yale '21 I believe.
Yeah.
So you see how silly that rumor is.
Say take it easy. Take it easy. Listen my boy. No use you hanging around here. Just buy the Tribune tonight and read all about it. You can rewrite it for your last edition.
Is that so. Well have you seen enough - or would you like a photograph.
Yeah. The boss sent me over to offer you a job. He wants you to write a daily column on the Tribune.
Well Stew that's all thrashed out. By golly I'm surely glad to see that you're not really sore. You know our racket - after all news is news.
Yeah.
The one about the Siberian bloodhound.
I'm your valet sir. Dawson is the name sir.
What are you doing fooling around in here.
I bet.
Do you think your wife would walk up three flights of stairs just to eat out of paper plates.
I suppose you know why I came—.
Sure.
Dexter Grayson you told me it was only ten thousand—and you didn't even get those letters from that Jezebel.
Yes - the worm.
The name is Smythe.
But I—
Found no skeletons.
I just putter.
Hmmm you just putter. Do you have to have a putter to putter.
Oh no sir. I putter with me hands.
No. Well well well. That's all right if you like it. Can anybody do that.
A bird in a gilded cage.
What.
Thanks I love you.
Wait 
I got caught in the storm. You were gone all night too.
I sure am glad you said you'd come out with me tonight Mary Sue.
Sure is pretty.
What's the matter.
Yeah How'd you know.
Changes.
And it's important for them to see someone they respect stand up for what's right. If you love a place you can't sit around and watch this kind of thing happen to it.
Wellit was dark out 
What do you mean.
David cut it out. Mark Davis is gonna like be here in five minutes.
Get lost.
I don't believe this.
Just take deep breaths.
No. I'm not gonna do it. If I don't dress like this for Mom I'm sure as hell not going to do it for you.
What.
Jen listen 
I likereally need a cigarette too.
You can't do this Jennifer. I WARNED you.
You have no right to do this.
I had nothing to do with that fire.
It's okay.
 Yeah.
Seemed kinda sexy. Look. I read 35 pages.
Well I've had like ten times as much sex as these girls and I'm still like this. They have one hour in the back of a car and suddenly they're in technicolor.
You got the admissions letter.
No. I baked them for you.
Okay whose window did Bud break when he was playing with his father's golf clubs.
Scout.
 Her father.
Right. And how did she dress him.
Weil wouldn't you. You look for someone for years You pour your heart into it This is a privilege you know. I don't think I better talk about this right now.
It was a gift Bud. It was so special. You liked these things as much as I did remember: Warm smells in the family kitchen. A smile from a stranger. You know how rare that is.
Because you're coming home. I'm gonna put this place back the way it was.
Why.
What.
Have you cooked the burgers.
Look you can't always like what you do. Sometimes you just do it because it's your job. And even if you don't like it you just gotta do it anyway.
You know what I really like.
Oh wellyou're just starting out. I mean you can't do it 
It's beautiful.
So you can't talk to me.
Fine. You get back to chatting with your precious customers.
I don't think I'm going to the party.
Yeah no it's not it's just 
Well yeah thank you but 
You're lucky. She couldn't come anyway 
Yeah I can't.
Why's it here.
Hi is this Jack.
.no.
Yeah. So what are you doing then.
Are your pants off.
I don't lie Jack. I'm about 5'8 blonde 342834. Pretty thin I work out. My pussy's shaved. My friends say I'm pretty cute so.
yeah.
yeah.well you have me now.
I'm fine. Who is this.
Remember last night I was talking to you and I was telling you about my apartment my rent . Do you remember.
Yes.
Yes no yes. I can't. I can't afford that. I'm sorry. Sorry.
Yes I can't.I don't make enough money to be able to do that.
Should I call back and talk to your girlfriend.
You lied to me.
Why did you tell me you did then.
This is.illegal.I'll call the police.
I have to go.
Is it ok if I leave my car you think.
I don't know.
Do you remember me I left my car yesterday.
Yes. LENA Elizabeth has a picture of you guys your sisters and you it's a lot of family it must be nice.
No. I'm the exact opposite 
 well if you're gonna go 
Ok.
Yeah. Yeah we get along well. You didn't get along with her very well.
Yeah.
 the promotion says: buy any 10 Healthy Choice products and get 500 miles of airline travel or 1000 for purchases made with a special coupon. So in the supermarket you notice their products first you notice they have a Teriyaki Chicken Dinner at $1.79 - that's a pretty good deal.but then I noticed they had soup at 89 cents a can.and you start to do the math and you start to notice that it's a really amazing deal because I stumbled across the pudding at 25 cents a cup. Now the crucial thing is the bar codes on the label. That's those little bar codes you know. The universal product codes.
What happened.
Did you pick it up from the street.
So you must travel a lot with all that pudding you bought.
Have a good trip.
It's Barry.
Yes.
I'm calling you I'm standing in my hotel room I came because I have my business trip 
You don't have a boyfriend or anything do you.
I forgot about that.
For what.
Ok.
Why.
How.
Can I pay you here. Can I pay you for our drinks and salad.
I didn't know you had a sister.
Like a psychiatrist.
Ok sir.I'm gonna put you through to my supervisor.
It takes time to process 
I think I got in trouble. A little bit of trouble.
Hi.
I need to talk to you for a second.
You made a phone call and you said you'd help a girl out and then you didn't.I'm here to get the money.
HEY. You made a fucking sex call and now you're gonna pay. It's not a big thing just give us some money and then it's over we'll just walk down to the ATM and get your money out 
Yes. Sorry.
This is Barry.
Are you going to the party tonight.
I'm just talking on the phone to you and standing.
They need to see the new 484's to make sure it works with their OC.
I'm pleased to have the new post sir.
Of course everything's not as harmonious as it seems. I hope you've a strong constitution.
Yes well I awoke to discover I'd turned into a cat. If you don't do as I say I'll sink my little fangs into your drumsticks and suck the marrow straight out of your bones.
To seal the wound he took a poker from the fire 
Madeleine 
I haven't been to see the Marquis for ages. And I won't ever again I swear it. I won't speak to him I won't even utter his name 
We treat you well enough here don't we Marquis. Your very own featherbed in lieu of a straw mat. Your antique writing desk all the way from LaCoste. Enough quills to feather an ostrich 
There I was taxed; it's true.
But we also fall in love; we build cities we compose symphonies and we endure. Why not put that in your books as well.
What the devil 
 water. 
I DIDN'T CREATE THIS WORLD OF OURS. I ONLY RECORD IT.
I saw the longing in your eye 
AND DID YOU.
You're a man of Science; I'm a man of God. Charenton stands to profit from us both I'm certain.
All France is aghast at this book yet you've not heard of it.
I've taken vows to live my life within these walls; not outside them.
On the contrary. Let me take up this matter with the Marquis myself 
And my own.
Yes.
You're more than a priest; you're an angel. Ain't he Maddy.
Is it awfully violent.
I must say in your novels you stoke the most unrealistic expectations.
The Abbe's sending me away. He fears for me here what with the likes of you 
 who'll whisper it to Bouchon 
It is customary to write first and request an appointment 
I am not a wealthy woman.
Doctor Can I impart to you his cruelest trick.
You've no right to assault me in this fashion; I'll call for my footman. I'll have you removed 
How was I to know my darling.
Doesn't that please you.
Oh but haven't you heard. I'm the Boy Wonder. I've been a genius since the moment I was born.
It's not so bad here. After all what girl doesn't want to live in a castle.
Do you.
Elegant words sir when you have made your name and your fortune on slander and innuendo and gossip. In your papers you taught the world how to look under every rock. I learned at the knee of the master.
Why is that Louis.
She's a Catholic. She says it would put her soul in peril. Divorce is a very serious sin apparently.
There's nothing to explain
You gotta wake up now. Pops.
You are being typically theatrical Marion. I need the Tribune to
Yes.
Sir.
I want blood
Huh.
Now Orson you know I'm just dyin' to see your picture and I know it's gonna be boffo but you're writing about a publisher right.
Louella please be reasonable I understand you have problems with Orson's picture but maybe we can work something out
Can I talk to Hearst.
Showing life
Oh for Christ's sake-
I remember a man who wrote I He was a brilliant writer who dazzled me time and time again with his wit and insight
I'll hire you  right now-
They don't have to.
And what does he see.
I want you back
Fuck you. You wanted me out. I'm out.
Well at least she's off KANE today
YOU STUPID LITTLE MAN. HOW COULD YOU HAVE LET THIS HAPPEN. I GAVE YOU MY SOUL AND NOW YOU'RE GOING TO SELL IT.
What have I done.
You know all this nightmare we went through with Hearst. The whole thing And in the end probably no one will ever remember the picture anyway.
They came to me with an offer. 800000 for the negative and all the prints.
Rosebud. I'll tell you about Rosebud
I know I know. But what more can you expect of me. I have pared this story down to the marrow to save money but to cut more would be to.
Then find another theater
You're not still mad at me I hope
Aw Tommy c'mon it ain't that.
J.R. glad you could make it.
No I'm not afraid. Why. You wanna meet her.
Yeah 
You sure you wanna meet her. Don't make me go over there you change your mind and you make me look bad cause she's really a knockout. She's 15 this kid a great piece of ass.
Ah no no. I didn't bang her. I know her from around here that's all. You want to meet her or what.
Do you see her yet.
He fights the toughest guys around that everybody else is afraid to fight
Well sometimes you shouldn't listen to me. Now I don't know if I can make it down to 155. I'm having trouble making 160 and without telling me you sign me for a fight at 155 pounds and if I don't make 155 I forfeit $15000. You're supposed to know what you're doin'. You're supposed to be a manager.
Stick out your hands Jake.
See. That's all there was to it.
What.
But you said you.
So what.
Did you ever fuck my wife.
I'm tellin' you now when I read this it better not make me look bad.
Does that mean
Yeah. At night.
I can't find my ball.
Now touch me here.
What're you lookin' at. You lookin' at him.
What did I do.
What'd you see.
What'd you see.
Oh c'mon. For Christsake do I have to tell you everything.
I didn't do anything wrong. I swear. I just had a few drinks.
Nobody I tell you. Jake stop it.
Why don't you just call him up.
Are you drunk.
He should.
No you're his wife.
That's right take his part. You're his brother. He's never gonna be champ. Too many people are against him.
Well if he calls in tell him to get in touch with L. B. Jefferies right away. I might have quite a surprise for him.
Bryce the only man for this job is sitting right here in town. Get me L. B. Jefferies.
I would say that is looked as if she wasn't coming back.
He has a six months lease and has used up a little over five and a half months of it. Quiet. Drinks but not to drunkenness. Pays his bill promptly with money earned as a consume jewelry salesman wholesale. Keeps to himself and none of the neighbors got close to him or his wife.
What time.
I can't do it even if he's gone.
What's the matter. Does he have a courtesy card from the police department.
One thing I don't need is heckling. You called and asked me for help and now you're acting like a taxpayer.
Is is Anna who I think it is.
You think he's getting out of here.
My Lisa. She went into Thorwald's apartment and he came back. The only way I could get her out was to call the police.
Stop sounding stuffy. I'll take pictures from a jeep. From a water buffalo if necessary.
You asked for something dramatically different. You got it.
I'll send you some comic books.
Well you know best. Call you later Jeff.
Yeah. Is that you Jeff.
Well did you get it Thorwald.
Who are you.
No.
Stella in economics a kidney ailment has no relationship to the stock market. Absolutely none.
Lisa Fremont.
No.
People have different emotional levels that 
When I married Myles we were both maladjusted misfits. We still are. And we've loved every minute of it.
It's hard to figure. He went out several time last night in the rain carrying his sample case.
His personal effects. He's probably running away the coward.
Police.
I wonder.
Thirty-three here. Totals one-ninety. Not enough.
Tell him not to waste time calling. To get over here soon as he can. I think Thorwald's pulling out tonight.
How's your leg.
And you love life.
The Lisa Fremont who never wears the same dress twice.
 A steal at eleven hundred dollars.
Well she picked the most prosperous looking one.
You mean goodnight.
What's interesting about a butcher's knife and a small saw wrapped up in a newspaper.
Do you think I consider this recreation.
There's nothing to see.
What's the apartment house number.
All day long I've tried to keep my mind on work.
You are. You have a talent for creating difficult situations.
But he never ends up marrying her. Strange.
Huh.
What for.
Chelsea 2-7099. We scared him once. Maybe we can scare him again. I'm using that word we a little too freely I guess. I don't take any of the chances.
Get an ambulance. Don't move. Try to lie still.
A new disease.
Feel okay.
Where can we meet.
What you say your name was.
What's he going to pull
You buy me many things. Thank you.
You make any sandwiches.
It's just this get-up. The girl's out and I was bringing Mom's supper.
You'll learn as you get a little older Jim.
I don't see what's so bad about taking a little drink.
No. I definitely don't. I did the sa
Excuse us a minute.
You sure.
Really Frank. When was that.
Are you going to preach now. Are we going to have a sermon.
I'm just explaining what you mean. You can't be an idealist all your life. Nobody thanks you for sticking your neck out.
Frank. I'm frightened.
What's that pounding.
Do you know why you shot those puppies John. Is that what they call you or do you have a nickname.
Are you really going to meet them.
I hitched.
Who's that.
Yeah.
Everybody. Crunch and Goon and everybody. I think they're going to kill you.
They think you told the police on them. Theywho's in there.
How do you know so much about this junk Plato.
I came here before.
I don't want you for my father.
Here.
Just a guard.
I shot at one of them.
It doesn't matter how. I was driving a stolen car
I told you Dad it was a question of honor. They called me chicken you know chicken. I had to go or I would never have been able to face any of those kids again. So I got in one of these cars and a boy called Buzz got in the other. We had to drive fast and jump before the cars went over the edge of the bluff. I got out okay but Buzz didn't. He was killed.
Leave me alone.
Go ondon't give me that. Someone giving you hard looks.
You feel like you want to blow your wheels right now.
Okay
You don't have to be unfriendly.
See I'm new.
Where's Dawson High School.
You going there.
NoI was justmaybe
Where can we go. I can't go back into that zoo.
Oh Jim.
I don't know.
Your hand's all wet and it's shaky. You're so funny.
Is this what it's like to love somebody.
We have to go back.
He calls me a dirty trampmy own father.
Yes. I don't know. I mean maybe he doesn't mean it but he acts like he does. We're altogether and we're going to celebrate Easter and catch a double bill. Big deal. So I put on my new dress and I came out and he
No. I don't even know why I do it.
Your mother will be down in a few minutes Judy
Your mother will be down in a few minutes.
But the same song. I think it's fantastic.
You're too old for that kind of stuff kiddo. I thought you stopped doing that long ago.
I can't take watching you touch him. I can't take his hands on you.
Didn't have to send me down a fucking mountain.
Yeah.
Ash you've gotten me enough 
Baby c'mon all this stuff I haven't gotten you anything 
Nick no 
When'd you decide to do it Ash. After which of his letters huh. The fortieth. The fiftieth. The first.
Nick I love you 
What.
You said they've run guns in their trucks. So they'll have guns. To do this robbery. They'll have serious guns.
You were screaming you weren't Nick. And we just didn't fucking believe you.
She says a lot of things.
J.C. Penney. Beauty and fragrances.
Wrong Nick. It's drowning.
They won't recognize me.
Bring back some memories Nick.
Rather be back in the Mountain.
We got five. Putting Ashley outside.
That part Nick was planned out the day I read your letters.
Get in the CAR.
How 'bout the tree. You want the tree.
Here ya go convict. We cased the place in the fall got the layout down. What you're gonna do is show us where each of these doors go what the upstairs level looks like where they got the alarms all of it.
We're aware of your position.
I'm bringing in this great showroom act next week; these three Russian girls they look like Meryl Streep they can juggle anything.
The tribe is concerned that many of your new ideas are not resulting in any new venues.
Knew a guy in Joliet smoked ten packs a day like you. His lungs got so black they couldn't find 'em with an x-ray.
Five years. Since it opened.
What the hell was that about 
She's using a new perfume.
No I think that's just oranges. She writes here she's eating oranges.
All I want is to make it to Sidnaw and sit down for Christmas dinner. Watch some ball with my old man sleep in my old bed and have leftovers for bout six months.
Pinscher told me Alamo thinks I'm the one ratted on him beating up Cree. Since I was there I saw it he thinks I got him sent to solitary.
GUARD. GUARD.
Millie here used to serve drinks to these gunrunning truckers real big talkers talking bout a real score one day. I was in the Mountain man what the hell why not let her get friendly with 'em. Let her tell 'em an idea she had 'bout writing guys in prison. Getting one who could show 'em a sure thing.
Paid the Alamo ten bucks to put the shiv in me. He's a lifer what does he care. Paid a hospital guard fifty to put out the story I was dead. Once the wound healed up Got out of the Mountain this morning. And tonight I'm a rich man.
That was my king.
POP. That was My card.
But I had a five
Switch seats with me.
Holy shit this guy's all fucked up.
Daddy did ya see that.
Now Vic was tellin' me he's got a parole problem.
We can work this out can't we.
Okay Mr. Detective who did it.
Pam Grier.
No he ain't familiar. He ain't one of Cabot's soldiers either. He's gotta be from outta town. But Joe knows him real well.
Yeah.
It's like a joke. You remember what's important and the rest you make your own. The only way to make it your own is to keep sayin' it and sayin' it and sayin' it and sayin' it and sayin' it.
How's freedom kid pretty fuckin' good ain't it.
Why can't we pick out our own colors.
Nobody's trading with anybody. Look this ain't a goddamn fuckin' city counsel meeting. Listen up Mr. Pink. We got two ways here my way or the highway. And you can go down either of 'em. So what's it gonna be Mr. Pink.
She hooked up with Fed McGar they've done a couple a jobs together. Good little thief. So explain the telegram.
Like hell I am.
Larry I'm gonna kill him.
Joe you want me to shoot him for you.
You see what I been puttin' up with. As soon as I walk through the door I'm hit with this shit. I tell 'm what you told me about us stayin' put and Mr. White whips out his gun sticks it in my face and starts screaming You motherfucker I'm gonna blow you away blah blah blah.
All this blood is scaring the shit outta me. I'm gonna die I know it.
Can you believe the songs they been playin'.
At that point it became every man for himself. As far as Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue are concerned I ain't got the foggiest. Once I got out I never looked back.
How can you be so sure.
I swear to god I'm fuckin' jinxed.
Two jobs back it was a four man job we discovered one of the team was an undercover cop.
We can't take him to a hospital.
And what was tellin him your name when you weren't supposed to.
We ain't taking him to a hospital.
What's she doin' runnin' around the country at night.
Tell them to come on in.
But I'm going to have to leave 'em here. They're - well they're not the sort of people you're used to.
What's the matter with her.
This must have been in the family a long time.
What good is it going to do us to go to some ranch.
Thanks. And isn't there something we can do about supper or making the beds.
Mostly we open a can of beans and boil some coffee.
I suppose it is.
She wears this gingham dress cooks popovers makes jam in season makes her own soap from pig fat and wood ashes and has cheeks the color of red apples.
Why did you change your mind about bringing us along.
I don't know. I thought I did. Now I'm not sure. I thought it had something to do with me.
You know so much about me figure it out.
All right it's said.
Go on take it. Then you can't spend the rest of the trip expecting to get paid.
Maybe it isn't going to Sonora but it's going somewhere which is all right with me.
Thanks for loading me on the stage. I know now why you did it.
So did I. They were in it.
Yes.
Why.
You remember Jeff Rawson. We used to go fishing and hunting with him when you were so high.
Come on. We got a couple hours to eat and get some sleep.
Kind of sore.
I'm sorry about this Mr. Wyatt. I didn't know who she was.
Not if I know Mary. When she rides into Sonora you'll be with her. And mighty glad to be there after this. I don't see how you stood it as long as you did.
Go away please.
You got no business snoopin' around 
I saw your fire and dropped by to say hello.
There aren't any women here.
Some people who went by this way lost it. Two men and some women. They packed their stuff on horses and went on.
Clay could save us an awful lot of time.
Pleased to meet you ma'am. We found your trunk. Were you doin' the driven'.
Aren't we stayin'.
Then I know my alphabet.
 and even if I do learn to read what use'll it be. I'm goin' to live on a ranch.
No.
An' if you can't hunt 'em and even if you could they'd be tough what's the use of knowin' how to spell them.
And you've got me all figured out.
You were supposed to be reading words.
That's always tough. How long were you together.
Actually I just met her. This is Alex.
You better be careful. I heard some girl got her ass whooped and jacket stolen earlier today. Hey what class do we have next.
Ouch.
Yes of course Uriah. I feel his evil presence.
You sure.
Sure that would be cool. Friends.
What about you Buddy.
Cindy please. It's a matter of life and death. I'm asking you a friend.
Listen to me I 
Come in somebody. Can you hear me.
This is Ray. What's up. Where are you.
Morphine. chloroform. Horse tranquilizers. You've drugged him.
Hanson please.
My child you're alive.
So do you think you made it into the class.
Uh uh.
She'd have to be really pretty and I'd have to be very drunk.
Are you.
Shorty. You're alive. But what about your head.
Professor is this the same house that a young girl was possessed by a demon or something.
I don't like this this
I think she's starting to suspect something.
Cindy Campbell. Classic abandoned personality disorder. She seems guarded but willing to do this.
My God. Is she dead.
Are you sure it's not the tape.
I don't think so. It's on all the cameras and check this out. The thermal readings inside the house dropped ten degrees when the image was recorded.
Professor we need to talk.
That's why we came here remember.
Work work work. Is that all that you do.
The Professor might have everyone else fooled but I know who the real brains of the operation is.
I'm so glad you're here.
What.
Yo son check this out.
Fucked me.
I'm totally freakin' dude. I keep having these nightmares then I wake up screaming with these awful back spasms. I can't take it anymore man.
I wouldn't give ya a nickel.
Turn right on Timonioum Road. Hurry Dad.
Mrs. Jensen I've told you. You have to rewind the tapes before returning them.
Chip honey.
Oh God really. This is the limit.
I'm so happy I could shit.
I'm sorry he's dead but have you signed off yet.
Don't I get a kiss.
Ooh honey I'm ready. Now. Now.
There's Dede. He's my favorite chickadee. He's here every morning for breakfast.
FUCK YOU TOO YOU ROTTEN WHORE.
Dottie. Watch what you're doing.
Socially I'll have a beer.
Mrs. Hinkle are you insane.
Who wants fruit salad.
Yummy. Carl says if I lose ten pounds he'll take me to the University of Maryland Fall Mixer.
Mother. Did you hear me. Someone murdered Carl in the mensroom. I saw his dead body.
He's a good boy.
What is it Mr. Stubbins.
You forgot something
SHE DID IT. Aimed the car right at Mr. Stubbins and mowed him down.
That's a Franklin Mint piece. Eight dollars.
Sure I do.
That girl was looking for Jacqueline Gibson. I'd forget it if I were you.
It's only a little way Mr. August.
No.
Are you Dr. Louis Judd.
Tell me how is Jacqueline.
It always seemed to me she was sort of lonely and unhappy.
Why.
Good.
A job.
Don't. We know what happened. Don't go on.
No. Stay that way. I want to talk to you. I love you -— you know that.
Well.
Let her know what.
Who are you.
Yes.
It's terribly sweet of you Jason.
It's not a searchlight —— it's a sword blade cutting the blue cloak of a prince —- not stars 
Don't make me tell you Jason.
If it is true — there's all the more reason for you to find Jacqueline.
Would it be asking too much Miss Gottschalk for you to get me these books.
I saw you with her last week. I knew you'd be here tonight. Where is she.
Because there was another girl— years ago a nice girl. She lived on Barrow Street. I saw her with you once -— I saw her with you twice and then I never saw her again. That's why.
Tell me where Jacqueline is -— we've got to find her.
Yes. When I tell you.
I think it's time.
Perhaps.
Don't be so amazed. It's a very ordinary matter. I'm Jacqueline's physician Mr. Ward told me you were in town and Jacqueline has sent me to bring you to her.
I'm afraid you have mistaken my motive Louis. I thought you might understand and sympathize.
I have no sympathy for either good or evil. I have only curiosity a professional curiosity. What unhappy people most of you are.
No you draw no secrets from me as you drew them from Jacqueline. You are not one of us yet. You're clever Louis but I recognize your interest in me for what it is worth. You are only curious. You have never loved a woman who had but one arm.
Is it about Jacqueline.
But I'm not coming to you out of deep conviction I'm coming to you out of loss. I no longer can believe in the power and the rightness of things that are called good.
But you must know someone who has seen or heard of my sister.
Mrs. Redi there's one thing —-with Jacqueline gone how do you carry on the business. What do you do with the receipts. How do you sign checks.
There's nothing you can think of old letters anything that might give me some hint as to where I might find Jacqueline.
I can almost feel your doubt about what I'm saying Mary.
But she was here.
That makes it all the more difficult ——
I'm worry to bother you. I want to ask you about my sister.
Children I want you to be very good and very quiet while I see Mrs. Wheeler a moment. She's going to take over this class for a while.
What.
I went back through the history last night. I read about Johann Rozenquartz I read what he wrote 
I have taken care of Mary. I've spoken to her. She's going back to school.
Well
Why. Didn't you know him well.
It's up to you. But I warn you if you tell me something personal I might do the same.
Kids. What about them.
Yeah actually I do. But John doesn't. At least not right now.
As long as it's not gross you know. Like some scar or something. It has to be like mine like something about you.
You're what.
Not usually. I mean honestly I haven't known many guys that could think straight with an erection so I feel I'm way ahead of the game as far as being clear-headed goes.
Nothing I can't finish later.
What are these.
Can we look at one.
No not to me for me for the camera.
Yes. But I sense the element of revenge here.
Tell me your name.
Did you have sex before you were married.
So you do fantasize.
I fantasized about you.
Yes.
Can't.
That's correct.
Yes.
Who was the last person you had sex with.
So you lied to her.
Kind of. I mean John's like this kind of craftsman. Like he's a carpenter and he makes really good tables. But that's all he can make and I don't need anymore tables.
Why not.
But that was part of it.
Why are you ashamed.
And I'm telling you it's not any one thing that I can point to and say That's why. It doesn't work that way with people who have problems Ann it's not that neat it's not that tidy. It's not a series of little boxes that you can line up and count. Things just don't happen that way.
But why can't you just put it all behind you. Can't you just forget it. All that stuff you did.
I want to touch you.
Oh we get along okay. She's just very she's an extrovert. I think she's loud. She probably wouldn't agree. Definitely wouldn't agree.
Yes. I just got busy.
Jesus Christ where'd that come from. I have a late lunch by myself and now I'm fucking somebody.
There's nothing to know Ann.
Ann you are completely paranoid. Not ten minutes ago I wanted to make love for the first time in weeks and you act like I'm dipped in shit. You know I think there are a lot of women that would be glad to have a young straight male making a pretty good living beside them in bed with a hard on.
Well this weekend John was taking out the garbage and he kept spilling things out of the container and I started imagining a container that grew garbage like it just kept filling up and overflowing all by itself and how could you stop that if it started happening.
Well last week we talked about your obsession with the families of airline fatalities and now we're talking about your concern over the garbage problem.
Perhaps he senses your hesitance at being touched.
What do you mean.
So it was recently that you tried this.
No I haven't.
Let me rephrase. Were you attracted to him.
What brought this on.
Why.
You know what. You say it just to irritate me.
I think you're afraid to put the two of us in the same room together. I think you're afraid he'll be undeniably drawn to me.
Well I'll call him when he does.
Let me talk to him first.
I don't feel right just giving you the address so that you can go over there and
A card. For her fiftieth birthday.
I don't he doesn't want you to come over.
Cynthia.
I feel like I do.
That doesn't mean you do. You can't possibly trust him he's perverted.
I think you're right. So come on I came all the way over here to find out what got Ann so spooked tell me what happened.
Oh okay. I think I get it.
Talking.
You just want to ask me questions.
I am now recording. Tell me your name.
My first sexual experience or the first time I had intercourse.
No. He kind of avoided me for the rest of the summer and then his family moved away. To Cleveland actually.
Not really. I didn't picture it with veins or ridges or anything I thought it would be smooth like a test tube.
What did he say.
Prettier than Ann.
Is that what he tells you.
Okay.
Ouch. Okay I deserved that. Cynthia don't you understand. After the first time it's just not spontaneous. There's no edge anymore. Look at the tapes there is only one date on each label. I have never taped anyone twice.
I'm sorry. I can't do it.
Meaning we'll have to cool it for awhile right.
Why.
Oh. Well when then.
What if this tape gets into the wrong hands.
It won't. I trust him.
You trust him.
Look are we going to do it or not.
Graham.
No he didn't put me up to this. Jesus I don't need people to tell me what I should do. I've just been thinking about things that's all.
Where are the tapes Graham.
Yes.
Okay in a minute I'm on with a client.
He'll be really mad.
You're the one who found the bodies.
Anything wrong.
Right. It's crazy. But here's the beauty part. Ready. Who cares.
Yes.
OK. It's apartment 1009 South Tower Starliner Towers. May as well go there directly.
BREAKING OUT
What's cookin' Bert.
I detect a note of reticence. Are you perhaps one of those amongst us who feel this emotive form of presentation is overly manipulative.
Conspiracy is right. The Denton Dossier is
Really. What'll I pin this on.
SOME PEOPLE DO IT FOR COMPASSION
YOU'VE LOST YOUR CAUSE
What are you talking about. Danny Slepstrini is a chip off the old block. I played 18 holes of golf with his father just last week. And Hank says Danny's moved to New York. To better himself.
Sure thing.
They call it a new look at an old favourite I copied it from the 'Window on the World' show. The Far East meets the Mid-West.
Just what the Doctor ordered. I know. Come on in my favourite show's just started.
Poor Brad.
Oh Mac ran up this little crowd-pleaser.
I NEED SOME
You've got a really tight team around you. And everybody needs you.
But what'll I do. What'll I say. What'll I wear.
Farley.
F for
THIS COULD BE THE START OF A WHOLE NEW CAREER HERE
Mommy and Daddy love you Baby.
The problem with that is that then there's one extra 
Don't dismiss me. I'm trying to include you in this decision. He's your friend.
I didn't dismiss you. I told you what I thought but it didn't seem to matter so you decide. Besides this is supposed to be my time with Miles. I hope you're not going to call every five minutes.
And.
How's it hanging Miles.
Busy night for a Tuesday. We had a busload of retired folks in on a wine tour. Usually they're not too rowdy but tonight there was something going on. Full moon or something. What can I get you.
She was good for you. And so beautiful and intelligent. You knew her right.
Stephanie.
I can't help the traffic.
Pinot Noir. How come it's white. Doesn't noir mean dark.
I liked it a lot. A lot of improvements. It just seemed overall I don't know tighter more congealed or something.
What.
Speak for yourself. I get chicks looking at me all the time. All ages.
You still seeing that shrink.
These guys make top-notch Pinot and Chardonnay. One of the best producers in Santa Barbara county. Look how beautiful this view is. What a day.
Yeah but how are they making the salmon. Poached with a yogurt-dill sauce. Teriyaki. Curry.
It's not even a mile.
Whoa.
Yeah. Tight.
Have you no shame.
About a month ago. Six weeks.
I'm going to be a fucking pariah. Everyone's just going to be holding their breath to see if I'm going to get drunk and make a scene. Plus Tony fucking Levin.
We're on.
You know how often these pourers get hit on. I'm going for a swim. Get the blood flowing. Want to come.
And don't drink too much. I don't want you going to the dark side or passing out. Do you hear me. No going to the dark side.
Where were you.
Shut up. Shut your face.
We were supposed to play golf.
You go. In fact use my clubs. They're brand new gift from Christine's dad. It's on me. Oh say by the way Stephanie and me were thinking we'd all go to the Hitching Post tonight and sit at one of Maya's tables and she'll bring us some great wines and then we can all 
So tell me everything. Details. I like details.
You didn't get any did you. You're a homo.
Do you like them.
I'm going to need an operation. Maybe a couple of them. They have to wait for it it to heal first. Then they break it again.
Huh. Let me think.
Oh no actually. Busy night.
Well it's a little difficult to summarize. It begins as a first-person account of a guy taking care of his father after a stroke. Kind of based on personal experience but only loosely.
What's the title.
The Day After Yesterday.
Mrnmm yeah but not really. It shifts around a lot. Like you also start to see everything from the point of view of the father. And some other stuff happens some parallel narrative and then it evolves or devolves into a kind of a Robbe-Grillet mystery you know with no real resolution.
Oh yeah. Who cares. I'm the queen of typos. Wow this is really starting to open up. What do you think.
Yeah. Like what.
Hope you like it. Feel free to stop reading at any time. I'll take no offense.
No we've got to get back Friday for the rehearsal dinner.
I've told him. I've told him over and over but he's out of control.
Hello.
Yeah he's good that way. Very considerate.
I am.
See you Miles. You take care.
Just now. She's thrilled. And the kids.
Well you boys do what you want. I just think it would be nice for us to be together as a family on my birthday.
What's the matter.
The same windows.
I will.
I will.
I see.
Curse and stuff.
Are you going to do this or what.
It's probably picking up another baby monitor.
That wasn't the answer you wanted.
Should we make a run for it out the back.
I can feel air.
It's getting stronger.
Don't touch him.
Graham.
These are D's; I need double A's.
Morgan.
Oh.
It says they're probably very small like my height because as their brains developed there was no use for physical development. It says they're probably vegetarians because they would have realized the benefits of such a diet.
Don't call me Father.
Let me ask you two something. Don't be embarrassed by the answer. It is possible Just possible now you might have been chasing each other around. You said you went in opposite directions.
Do you owe anybody money. You can tell me off the record if you need too.
There was an accident. Drunk driving. They weren't sure.
She's not in an ambulance Father.
No money eh.
Emmett.
I almost didn't.
More than enough.
Goodbye.
Maybe you thought you'd be back this way someday.
I've got my people sitting down there swatting flies and raring to go.
Two of the horses ran off but that pinto you're riding hung around.
I expect.
I hate to see any man swing. Bad luck.
No hard feelings.
You might make a farmer yet.
That's a lie.
Believe it.
J.T.'s done everything he can. I married a brave man. Augie take that delightful gift your uncle gave you out of here while we're talking. McKendrick picked the new sheriff himself so J.T. can't even get the law enforced.
It was not it was Murdo's. Those McKendricks don't know how to act like human beings.
I can't say I'm convinced you're going anywhere.
Didn't he tell you about Blind Pete.
I'm not sure but I got an idea. And when I am sure they're going to pay.
Why him.
It's been a while.
Let's talk about that. I'm looking for some men.
It is that.
I'm a great believer in doing nothing.
So we understand each other.
You wouldn't be needing any help around here would you. Maybe with the gambling.
I don't own this place. The man who does stuck me with Kelly.
Some people think because they're stronger or meaner they can push you around. I've seen a lot of that. But it's only true if you let it be. The world is what you make of it.
It's an advance. We want him to know he's going to be happy here.
I want to reassure you Elaine there's absolutely nothing going on between Viktor and I.
I'm glad we talked.
Not just any Mike & Ike's cherry Mike & Ike's. Do you know why I Viktor Taransky two-time Academy Award nominated director 
You realize you're nostalgic for an era you weren't even born in.
Listen Viktor I have good memories of those days too but this isn't about that or you or me or some high-minded ideal. This is business.
Spare me.
Where is she.
I can't wait to meet her.
As I've tried to explain to you Elaine. Simone isn't like any other actress you've ever known. She's about the work and only the work lives for the work. She wants all the money up there  on the screen where it belongs. She'd work for scale except I know you only respect people you pay a fortune.
Which accounts for your percentage. When do I get to meet this dream.
Soon. Soon.
Everyone you know is lying.
 You can't go in there.
No of course not. Why. Would you care if we were.
I would rather have you than Simone. Believe me.
I know it as surely as you're sitting here sweetheart. She was the most vital woman I ever met.
You understand you'll have to come back to my place to keep them off the er  scent.
No I'm okay.
Hello Hal.
And still the connection was undeniable. I haven't read Eternity Forever but I know it's brilliant. And I know I would be perfect for Clive.
You can't.
You do.
Listen Hank it's been a rough day. I'll call you about his next week.
She's at the premiere of A Cold Day In Hell. But I think she send someone from Acquisitions.
So that accounts for the lack of a shadow in reel six.
Dad you know I don't like to get between you and mom but she's feeling down right now. She broke up with Kent.
I know but Mom doesn't. Maybe if it came from Simone if Simone spoke to Mom she could straighten things out. Dinner maybe.
Dinner. Dinner's difficult. A phone call.
 No. I can't go along with this horseshit. Just tell them they can fry me.
Don't you have a real story to write. Why aren't you in Latin America.
She sounds like a prisoner Taransky. Are you holding her hostage. Are you some kind of Svengali.
I'm just trying to help you Sayer. I don't want you to be disappointed. It gets cold out here at night.
Nice try. If we can't get to her through you maybe your family will be more co-operative. I can guarantee you Taransky one way or another Miss Simone and I are going to get acquainted.
It's bogus. You used an old library shot for the background.
What is it exactly you want Sayer.
Mr. Sayer did we pay the million bucks yet.
I don't understand.
You'd cosmetically alter Simone to look like me.
What if it catches on fire.
Simone are you there.
Good morning Simone.
Mr. Taransky we both know I was nothing without you. I was computer code ones and zeros.
See beyond that irrational allegiance to flesh and blood. See that with the rise in price of a real actor and the fall in price of a fake the scales have tipped in favor of the fake.  See that if the performance is genuine it doesn't matter if the actor is real. Once a performance is committed to film the blood and bones are gone anyway. Only the spirit the illusion remains. Besides what's real anymore. These days most actors have digital work done to them so it's a gray area.
You know that's probably not the best idea. I'll just wait to see them in the store.
No.
You want to ask me a question.
I don't know how the story ends. I hope it's a happy ending.
How often do you see them.
I told you what I want.
Something happened didn't it.
No we're not.
What.
Someone got hurt.
Dead people.
I don't know.
What.
Cole please stop.
Like what.
It's our pleasure.
I work at an insurance place and at Penny's so Cole can go to that good school.
You ever hear of the harvest of blood.
Could take a little while though.
Where'd you come from. Groupies R Us.
Fuck you.
Aha. The Lovers.
Yeah. It's the alternator all right.
There's something weird going on here Suzie.
AAAAAAAAAAAA 
You're not going to arrest me for it are you.
Peggy-Sue 
Well there goes our record deal.
You're out of your mind man.
The ancient Aztecs knew how powerful this stuff was.
So what does it do.
And a slash-slash there 
Carl. Oh Carrrrl.
You'll be back.
Then who. Because someone wants another blood harvest. With human blood Jeremiah. Just like Jethro. Who did he kill back then Jeremiah. Farmhands. Transients. People no one would miss. Crazy Old Macdonald. But now it's starting again isn't it. Someone's picking up where Jethro left off.
Never heard of it.
Yes.
Strange I can feel my old self coming back
You sabotaged the bus. You kept us here To die. First Keith then Carl 
Yeah. Great work Rod. But next time it would be nice if you could JOIN US FOR THE ENTIRE SET.
 Where have you two been.
Bill you're Chief of police now.
Bill this Brenda's Randy Flagg's niece. We need to find Grant yesterday. The town council has lit a Roman candle and stuck it up my ass.
Was always curious why you married Grant in the first place Just never seemed outta love.
When you wanted to run away I called your dad.
You took Bill.
What.
Rorschach.
Sorry.
Already ain't. Married a gal named 
Guess it's hard to explain how amazin' a human brain is to someone who that's all they know.
Maybe you better sit back down. You don't look so good.
Aw ain't you glad to see me Bandit.
I got a boy running in the Peach Tree Classic tomorrow and when he wins I wanna celebrate in style.
They're both a challenge.
You have a great profile.
Jesus
You know this guy don't you.
They should arrest people for obeying the speed limit.
What are you gonna do when you get home.
I'm working Bandit. Besides what's the matter. Won't your new girl friend help you.
I don't know man. Ask him.
We gotta let the slack out Cledus; this is costing us time.
That's 'cause we're damn near an hour ahead of schedule.
Anything else you don't want me to know.
Now what.
We're gonna have to do a little tightrope act.
What's that pardner.
When we agree to do a job we do it. Right.
Breaker. Breaker.
So Bill if I understand this right you currently have your penthouse floor under construction.
C'mon Bill you've got some Sultan up there one of your whales big- spender likes a lot of space you cook up this construction thing.
Unreal this guys jacket too. Wall- to-wall major felony offenses murder extortion arson grand larceny  A paternity suit I just feel like we're playing catch-up with all this and we shouldn't be.
I did. We yeah I know.
I forgive you Darwin.
Oh hell yeah. We's just in the wrong place at the wrong time. So don't feel so bad dude.
 Forget about the tissue damage you're doing to the heart itself. Sustained cocaine abuse will segue you from a very painful ventricular fibrillation into full cardiac arrest. Buddy nobody knows about your condition or your drug use. Why you lied to me knowing that I'd find out anyway I'll never know but it imperative now that I see you.
So I guess you're not going.
I am. Yeah.
They what. What. No. No. Why.
You think it's possible he could be involved in the Israel hit.
What the hell What is this. People died. Agent Carruthers is dead.
 You can and you will.
You got clicks anything.
 he's doing it then huh 
Yeah there's a pair'a broads I'm thinking might be good for this.
Lil' cagey y'know don't like t'share trade secrets that type'a thing.
Like a mafucka.
I feel like I know you girl. I feel like I've known you forever. You gonna lemme see your scars.
What were you doin' here anyway.
I ain't even goin' dignify that. You my road dog. We threw up sets. Plus you stank.
I'm not givin' it up jus' yet
What's the time frame.
A puppet.
Didn't you talk to Snow.
Who here could possibly care what you want. At best you're Employee of the Month for the highest bidder in the Solaris auction. They have no idea what's going on up here. They've never even been in space. And I'm supposed to listen to you.
You murdered her.
You fucking bastard
Gibarian warned me. He left me a message.
How long can you go without sleep.
And professionally.
She has materialized from your memory of her. What was her name.
Stop equivocating. Unbelievable how you equivocate. You the atheist you're more dogmatic than any holy person I've ever seen. This is happening Kelvin. Wake up.
Well I think we're reaching the point of diminishing returns here right. Certainly it's learning more about us than we'll ever learn about it.
Human beings can die.
I want you to get Sartorius to abandon his plan.
To calm your anxiety.
You behave as though you want to fuck her.
And I just want to know if I'm crazy or not if what I think is happening is actually happening. Or am I one of those people those women who are blind to what's going on. Who pretend not to see their husband's attention toward another woman.
But what if Solaris is what there was before The Big Bang.
I can't help feeling that I'm cheating when I take them.
You feel sorry for Solaris or for me.
I have these strange thoughts I don't know where they come from. I can't explain it.
What's happening to us.
I'm not Rheya. You've always known that.
You didn't like him.
You still writing the occasional magazine article.
Straight ahead.
Right. That's true.
I'm supposed to call in.
People think I'm stepping out on Neil. We're causing quite a scandal.
I'll have a spritzer order something soft for yourself I must go for a pee.
They're kind of fuzzy.
That's the dumbest walk I ever saw.
No no seriously. There's a study done on this you walk this way the muggers are gonna single you out.
Hey. This is my business. Do I tell you your business.
No dog.
I saw you with a dog in my mind.
But nice.
You don't like him do you.
Claire.
Stop being nuts.
I trusted you. I thought you cared about me.
I don't know you
You don't want to know.
When can I see you.
Tomorrow night. Can you come.
I don't know. It wouldn't be very smart.
Claire
Do you.
I'd miss my life
 He killed Win he enjoyed it
You're dealing with a psychopath. He gets out of jail in ten years or five or ninety days and you'll be looking over your shoulder for the rest of your life
Nothing.
Mike.
Hey. The neighbors.
Take it easy. I set her up. I saw it coming.
I'm sorry.
Why not Patrol. They'd do just as good a job.
Shit. A Nursemaid. My first detail and I'm a fuckin' slug. I got a 'choice' at all.
Does it make you hard.
What plans. You and Mom got plans.
And Flash isn't.
Here you go Pete.
So uh how's college goin'.
S'funny. When your mom and dad uh passed away I had this idea. I wanted you to be the best baseball player in the world.
Cause if you get in a bind
See.
Harry…
Scholarship students must maintain dignity at all times.
Listen I do appreciate your concern but
Can I get a word in edgewise.
What's this. A cockaroach.
Is that bug juice or are you just glad to see me.
Just call me Spidey.
Even if you've heard them a million times in every stupid pop song ever written.
Fill in the blank: I blank Elizabeth Allan.
I hate
No. I was lying about the coffee.
Some prep school thing.
Eugene. Admit it Peter you'd do anything for a nickname like Flash.
I've gotta study.
No it wasn't only you it it just wasn't my style. Hey look let's go to lunch. Someplace nice for a change.
You'd feel what.
Oh God I forgot to
You were the last one to see Thorkel. In Octavius' hospital room.
You sure about all this.
Aunt May you're trespassing.
When I moved out you swore up and down you wouldn't meddle
Proof. Proof of a unified field. Not just theory and equations experimental proof.
Otto I don't like Thorkel any more than you do. But he has got a point.
Rosomoff I have better things to do than teach Introductory Physics to mindless adolescents.
All right we may be insignificant imperfect creatures but we're all we've got.
Truth. Truth alone exists. Truth must be released
I asked if you felt like a drink
You're sure you're all right.
Professor you ever fly one of these things before.
What's wrong with him.
You must have shot off your mouth all the way from Frankfurt to here.
What's the match gag.
They ought to be under the barbed wire soon.
In this barracks.
Come on Trader Horn. Let's hear it: what'd you give the Krauts for that egg.
My legs are frozen.
I'll live.
I didn't do it I didn't do it.
I didn't do it. I was in the Frankfurt station and the train was three miles away when it blew up.
Here we have a typical barrack. It houses seventy-five men. Every one of them has his own bunk naturally.
Well Herr Inspector. How did you find the camp. Crowded but gemuetlich shall we say.
Hey Schulz. I got a deal for you. Suppose you help us escape. We'll go home and have everything ready for you in Madison Square Garden. For the world championship. Schulz the Beast of Bavaria versus Halitosis Jones.
I don't care if they wear galoshes.
You want Betty Grable.
Me. What if she don't want me.
Don't you remember Animal. A chicken lays those things.
So what. There's other women.
What do they always say.
So it is from the finance company. So it's better than no letter at all. So they want the third payment on the Plymouth. So they want the fourth the fifth the sixth and the seventh. So they want the Plymouth.
There Joey ain't that better than being a lawyer.
You want to go.
No volunteers Price. I said we're all in on it.
You must get out. For your own good you must get out.
If you can't get the BBC how about getting Guy Lombardo.
What's it add up to you Sefton.
You starting that again.
What's the decoy.
Just one little thing. How come you were so sure Manfredi and Johnson wouldn't get out of the forest.
So was the radio private property. So was Manfredi and Johnson.
Thirty-fifth.
Ach so.
What did you say.
I'll kill you for that.
Which one of us is the informer.
Schulz you're off your nut.
My grandmother's ear-muffs.
I thought he was the Chief Engineer.
But that wasn't so long ago. It couldn't have been more than
No sir. I am finding it difficult to concentrate. I believe I am overwhelmed with feelings of remorse and regret concerning my actions on the observatory.
Fear is a very difficult emotion to overcome. It's something we all have to learn to deal with.
Lifeforms tiny little lifeforms. Where are the lifeforms-
Data this isn't the time.
I believe the emotional chip has overloaded my positronic relays.
This is the Nexus.
Yes where would you go.
I don't understand.
Oh
I'm not going Scotty help me with this chute.
Sulu. When did he find the time for a family.
The first thing you learn as captain is how to cheat death. Scotty.
Kirk here.
You want me to contact Starfleet.
Captain are you all right.
It's only natural to feel a heightened sense of tragedy when a child dies. But it goes deeper than that doesn't it. I can sense that Rene meant a great deal to you.
Or perhaps they're on the surface.
Nothing for me. I understand there's something urgent you need to discuss with me.
The thought had crossed my mind.
It looks like we're too late.
An experimental compound the Romulans have been working on. In theory a trilithium-based explosive would be thousands of times more powerful than an anti-matter weapon. But they never found a way to stabilize it.
Worf prepare a spread of photon torpedoes. We'll have to hit them the instant they begin to cloak.
Tractor beam aye.
Don't give me your Klingon mumbo- jumbo there ain't another vessel in this whole damn quadrant.
An energy reading from 'C deck from inside Mr. Spock's quarters
Locate.
Could it be Spock's.
Hello sir. It's David.
It's okay I should have known you'd come Saavik's right: this planet is unstable. It's going to destroy itself in a matter of hours.
How can you be logical at a time like this. We have to get thee hell off this planet.
If equipment is functioning properly indications are an animal life form.
Affirmative Captain. Our readings are well below danger level.
Yes Admiral. But that may not be possible.
Yes yes Spock
The ship Out of danger.
Sir planet core readings unstable Changing rapidly
If I read this right sir we have full power.
Welcome aboard Admiral.
Jim You are my best officer and if I had a best friend you'd be that too. But I am Commander Starfleet so I don't break rules.
I say again: Grissom this is Enterprise. Admiral Kirk calling Captain Esteban or Lieutenant Saavik. Come in.
Admiral your young friend is mistaken. I meant what I said. And now to show my intentions are sincere I am going to kill one of the prisoners.
Beam the Vulcan up And we talk.
Give me what I want and I'll consider it

Met his death. How could you his friend have assumed that. Why did you leave him on Genesis. Spock trusted you and you denied him his future.
He asked you not to grieve
What I have done I had to do.
But surely our mission has not failed .
How is that.
Commander these are some of the most famous people in Starfleet. Admiral Kirk my God.
But it's damn irregular. No destination orders no encoded i.d
All true.
I am going to do nothing about it. <u>You</u> are going to sit in the closet.
But dear Lord are we intelligent enough to Suppose this thing were used where life already exists.
I don't dispute that in the wrong hands 
Physician heal thyself.
Bless me doctor; and what beams you into this neck of the woods.
But I'm allergic to Retlax.
Say thank you.
Damn it Jim what the hell's the matter. Other people have birthdays. Why're we treating yours like a funeral.
What DO you want. Damn it why isn't there a girl here. You know this has nothing to do with age. This is about you flying a goddamn computer console when you wanna be out hopping Galaxies.
It never rains but when it pours 
Repeat what's wrong. What's wrong.
Wait 
Thanks a lot. No respect from my offspring 
So are we it looks like.
This. It took the Starfleet corps of engineers ten months in space suits to tunnel out all this. What we did in there we did in a day. David why don't you show Dr. McCoy and the Lieutenant our idea of food.
We've picked up a minor energy flux reading on one dyno scanner.
How soon 
But good words. That's where ideas begin. Maybe you should listen to them.
Let go he can't .
Give me some time to recall the data on our computers 
Thirty seconds
Aye sir.
Scotty what's left.
She's not responding
Mr. Scott you old space dog. You're well.
Midshipman you're a tiger.
Give the word Admiral.
The energizer's bypassed like a Christmas tree so don't give me too many bumps.
Engine room reports auxiliary power restored. We can proceed at impulse power.
Kirk to Enterprise. Damage report Spock.
They destroyed the simulator room and you with it.
Regula I is a scientific research laboratory if memory serves
There are two possibilities sir they are unwilling to respond they are unable to respond.
You've got to learn WHY things work on a Starship. It's coming through now Khan
Scanners and sensors still inoperative. There's no way to tell what's inside the station.
And no way of knowing if Reliant is still in the area
I think we can guarantee she'll follow us Mr. Saavik. Remind me to explain to you the concept of human ego.
Transmission jammed at the source sir.
And why not.
Yes.
Indeterminate life signs.
All stop sir.
Three minutes thirty seconds.
Thank you sir. I've looked forward to this for a long time.
Sir you did it.
Approaching Regula and Space Lab Regula I.
Very well Mr. Saavik clear all moorings.
Fine. Just fine.
Bob it's tearing me apart.
I know. I feel the same thing. But we're between a rock and a hard place. We can't keep them without risking their lives and we can't let them go without a taking the same chance.
Not at all. You gave me things to think about. You always do. You do sound a little wrecked why don't you go home and stare at the ceiling.
That's crazy.
Really. You think this is its way of saying Hi there to the people of the Earth.
You just said there aren't any except on Earth of the past.
Who are you. Doctor Adams was supposed to assist me.
Like what.
The top of what.
Shields Mr. Chekov.
Neutralized. How.
LDS. Are you dyslexic on top of everything else. Come on Lemme give you a lift. I have a notorious weakness for hard luck cases that's why I work with whales.
Then 
My whales. Where could you take them where they'd be safe.
I bet you're a damn good poker player.
But Kirk
Ready to engage computer Admiral.
What is our target in time.
Availability of fuel components; Mass of the vessel through a time continuum and the probable location of Humpbacks in this case the Pacific basin.
You've programmed that from memory.
As you observed a primitive Culture.
Well for one thing you haven't quite got the hang of it.
You've done it before. Can't you remember.
The tank will be finished by morning
Is that the logical thing to do Spock.
Aye sir. Descending.
Three-one-zero aye.
10 seconds sir.
Then this is what it would sound like underwater.
Any luck.
Bearing 327 range 600 nautical.
Not good enough Scotty. You've got to do better.
Stand by sir. Miracle worker at work
Mr. Scott don't make jokes we are in danger of -
Excelsior. Why in God's name would you want that bucket of bolts.
Even as the Federation negotiated a peace treaty with us Kirk was secretly developing the Genesis torpedo. Conceived by Kirk's son and test detonated by the Admiral himself. The result of this awesome energy was euphemistically called The Genesis Planet A secret base from which to launch the. annihilation of the Klingon people. We demand the extradition of Kirk. We demand justice.
We deny nothing. We have the right to preserve our race.
Professor Scott if you'll 
They are my friends.
Ojichan. Akira ojichaan dewa naino. Koko de nani shiteru no.
Sulu Hikaru.
Ah sorenara mazu mazu nagaiki wo sareru to mira. Ah Then I am sure that you will have a long and happy life.
I know what a hologram is Captain. The question is why would someone want to create one of our village.
We've always known that to survive we had to remain apart. It hasn't been easy. Many of the young people here want to know more about the offland they're attracted to stories of a faster pace of life
Yes. Exactly. Nothing more complicated than perception. You explore the universe. We've discovered a single moment in time can be a universe in itself full of powerful forces most people aren't aware enough of the now to ever notice them
Won't he rust.
 I am the personification of everything they have rejected.
You're not going to launch anything until
You have no idea what precipitated his behavior.
How can there be an order to abandon the Prime Directive.
Is this how a Federation officer begs for his life.
The countdown control has been transferred to the collectorI can't override
The injector performs perfectly in every simulation
There is an alternative to an all- out assault. Isolinear tags would allow our transporters to lock on to them.
Moving them is one thing. Killing them all
We're about to lose communications with Starfleet Captain.
Why would they fire at him without provocation.
Full impulse.
What's inside that nebula cluster.
I I must have slept through my alarm. I'm on my way
We're coming as fast as we can we can't risk using phasers
He might be using the planet's rings to mask his approach.
Direct hit. He's resetting his shield harmonics
The damping sequencer was damaged by phaser fire.
The Ba'ku could use some rest sir. According to the geo-scan this may be the safest area for the next few kilometers
One. It's Ru'afo.
We've downloaded all the files on the duck blind mission as well as intelligence reports on the Son'a.
But it's comfortable.
Augh.
Initiate launch sequence.
Exactly as the simulations predicted
It's not the radiation and there's nothing wrong with the combadges the Enterprise just isn't responding.
How did Doctor Almack react to that.
They're not your friends they've held you back kept you from your destiny
Isn't it better like this.
Vulcan.
It has entered Earth orbit. Correction it is not in orbit. It is heading directly toward the surface.
Mister Data I want to know the exact date and time. Give me a damage report on that missile silo.
I am the Borg.
Where's the battery room for the hospital.
Alphanumeric lock. We need a password to get in
Ready to make a little history.
Altitude fifty kilometers
They're getting awfully close what the hell are they doing.
Lieutenant actually. Lieutenant Jonathan Scrimm. I'm the head of the Resurrection Protective Force. And you are.
It wasn't a trick. I used to be an electrical engineer.
Something wrong with that.
No but sometimes I feel that way. What I meant was I'd be willing to trade for the photographs.
What.
You're not someone who lies very easily so it's obvious when you do at least to me.
We're trying to repair Doctor Cochrane's ship. It's been damaged and 
It's the future isn't it. Just like you told Scrimm. I knew you weren't from around here.
That's impossible.
Target locked.
A ship-wide decompression has been initiated.
They're connecting the conduits to subspace communications
Try not to look at the stars keep your eyes on the ship.
We've lost Bridge control.
They're bypassing Engineering
Even Data.
Time we got underway ourselves gentlemen. Once again we've saved civilization as we know it.
We're explorers not diplomats.
Doctor McCoy what is your current medical status.
It takes a lot of effort.
You were demoted
Well I -
Mr. Spock Rura Penthe's deep in Klingon territory. If we're discovered
We'll make arrangements to have you beamed aboard at 1930 hours.
He's got it.
Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him anyway.
We don't get many presidential assassins.
Thank you. Lieutenant one quarter impulse power
I'm still in the chair Lieutenant.
I gather you are not enthusiastic about the assignment I don't think many on board are.
I hope you're happy.
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
I believe the Captain feels that Starfleet's mission has always been one of peace -
What is it.
I'M going. You are going to be responsible for getting me out of this. Meantime we're not going to be the instigators of a full-scale war on the eve of universal peace.
What peace conference.
What's she waiting for.
The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy
Channel open Captain.
Captain 
WE SURRENDER.
You have done well Saavik. As your sponsor at the Academy I have followed your career with satisfaction. And as a Vulcan.
Commander Uhura has been experiencing technical difficulties sir.
We've been ordered to -
Fifty-four planets - and their gaseous atmospheric anomalies. Our sensing and analytic equipment worked well.
I have an energy wave from 240 degrees mark six port 
It's as I said Mr. Spock: Inventory still registers every torpedo.
A computer canna lie sir.
You are me.
Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel.
No. Can I move now.
For how long.
When was he created.
To seek out new life and new civilizations. Zephyr. Cochran’s own words. When Charles Darwin set out on the H.M.S. Beagle on his journey into the unknown he sailed without a single musket.
That was another time.
And this makes you sad.
What do you imagine this is.
Ready Captain.
Sir allow me to go. You are needed here.
You have a red shirt.
Why.
The least I could do for you Deanna. Besides you know me I’m a talking head.
Imzadi. This is so good.
He can never know you as I know you He can never touch you as I touch you.

I read six distinct positronic signatures spread out over a few kilometers on the surface.
Which is why our initial scans didn't pick it up. But he's got it Captain.
How long until he can fire.
Admiral Janeway. Good to see you.
Believe me we don't under- stand it either. You're the closest ship so I want you to high tail it over there and hear what he has to say. Get the lay of the land If the Empire becomes unstable it could mean trouble for the entire quadrant.
It would take me but an instant to tear that valiant heart from your chest.
Captain I hope I don't have to remind you 
Sir 
It's an old psychological strategy Number One. To put him in a position of dominance and make us uneasy.
Yes. The eyes have it.
Our eyes reflect our lives don't they. Yours are so confident.
Of course you do. If you had lived my life and experienced the suffering of my people you’d be sitting where I am now. At least I hope you would.
Looking up at the stars.
You're not Reman.
My life is meaningless as long as you're alive. What am I while you exist. A shadow. An enigma.
I'm incapable of such an act and so are you.
The man who is Jean Luc Picard and Shinzon of Remus won't exterminate the population of an entire planet. He is better than that.
Are we prepared.
Praetor. You have the whole fleet at your disposal. They supported the coup they'll follow you.

Sure.
I'll take that.
I understand.
Hey that sounds interesting. You like it.
I'm going to the White House right now. I'll try and get you everything you need.
Then it's not an accident that they found us.
George we've just confirmed the existence of the live extraterrestrial.
We don't know what else to do. We need results.
Hello George.
You can change a directive George. You've done it before. Listen to me. He's going somewhere in Death Valley. Lathrop Wells was never anything but a bus stop. East is the nuclear site. There are no roads in there. She was teaching him to hitchhike. I'm telling you. We block the four roads into Death Valley and we got him.
Then you're going to have to do it without me.
Mrs. Haydn
This is George Fox
What.
Money.
It was yellow.
Why are you going here. What is here.
Sun
A baby is a new person.
Why.
'Salt Lake City please. I do not speak English.'
Jennyhaydn.
No. My ship was doing a map of all the suns and
A friend is a person that is good to you someone you like to be with someone you like to laugh with
The police shouldn't have started shooting. But you can hardly blame them. You surprised them. They didn't know you were up there. When they saw you they thought you were here to hurt us.
What are you doing.
Nobody knows.
I've noticed Do you understand what they're saying.
That was beautiful.
On the radio they say it's good.
You promised.
Good morning.
Here are two quarters. When you lose these you're not going to get anymore.
I know how to gamble now.
You want the baby to laugh at me.
How long will it take you to get home.
I love you.
You have no conception of this do you.
There's nothing No reports of sightings or landings or anything in the other parts of the country or overseas Seems like a totally isolated incident.
Okay let's get you wired up. I hope this axle grease you got in your hair doesn't screw up the squid receptors.
Superconducting QUantum Interference Device. SQUID. Got it. There's gonna be a test.
Lenny the loser. Panhandler of stolen dreams.
Believe it. Now bring me the trodes baby. Come on quick.
You were supposed to go downstairs baby.
That's a good one coming from you.
Maybe.
Look baby I've watched you create yourself out of nothing. You're like a goddamn cruise missile targeted on making it. And you will.
Can't do it.
Don't know. But this guy's real damaged goods. Iris knew someone was after her and she said you were in danger too. Now no more games Faith. Whatever you're hiding whatever's going on you have to get out of here now. Come with me right now. Don't even think about it.
Yeah. No not really.
Come on Lenny. You used to be good at this stuff. Play it down. What's the perp doing.
And he records it. Thrill kill. Wants to see it again. And again.
Faith OK.
Whattya mean.
Jesus.
He's got her up in the room under guard. And he's still working the party acting smooth like nothin's nothin'. So buddy I say we work a trade.
Picture it I feel like I gotta share this with somebody. It's too perfect.
Tick. Not to dash your hopes but I don't deal this kind of product you know that. I'll give you four for it cause I've gotta cut off the last bit. And my customers want uncut.
Fuck that. The last part's the best. You dry-dive six stories and blammo. Jack right into the Big Black.
I don't deal black-jack clips. It's policy. I got ethics here.
Yeah she came by last night. Shaking like a junkie wanting me to make a copy of some clip.
I always do.
What the fuck are you doing.
I need my case. It's still in the back.
I've had it. No more wirehead shit in my car. You understand. You want to poach your lobes do it somewhere else.
Lenny you're turning into some kinda squid-head low-life. You're always broke you just go from one score to the next. And you're getting strung out you don't even see it. Getting high on your own supply like some crack dealer.
She said If they get me. They. Which means the whole sex-killer thing is a cover which means somebody whacked her for a reason.
So the guy's not a sicko.
Because it had to look random. Not connected to anything or anyone. But then why give the rape to me.
You better keep a low profile for a while.
We're going to aunt Cecile's honey. We're going to watch fireworks from there. Let's go. Chop chop.
Fine. Do you want blood running waist deep in the storm drains. The gangbangers'll spread like a wave through this city and burn it to the ground. And when the fires start the street cops'll be capping off at anything that moves. It'll be all- out war and you know it.
Was this him.
Pacific Northwest is a hotbed for serials.
No sir.
Oh Jesus Sheriff I am sorry. I meant to call you I got distracted the Sumpter girl was not one of Speck's victims. That's the good news.
What does the Manager say.
Tape it off we'll want to fine-tooth- comb it. My guess is that the UNSUB is having us on. He checks in pays picks up the key but never walks inside. Tell me if I'm wrong.
What.
What did he look like.
There was a car in the lot when we closed. Gone today.
What are you doing.
Let some by-the-book J. Edgar Agents go into the chat room spook these guys with stupid questions blow my cover. no way.
This time sir if I may be so bold would it be possible to set up my equipment outside CIIAC perhaps in military housing at Quantico. I didn't get along very well with the other members of the Division. We thought differently.
That gasbag. I can imagine what he said. I'm not ashamed to admit that most of what I know about criminal profiling started with Richard Low. I have also over the years I admit taken credit for many of his accomplishments. He was the most brilliant law enforcement individual I ever met.
They sort of got me on shit detail no offense.
I was interested in two things: computers and crime. They sort of came together.
I was thinking maybe we should ask Professor Daitz. Nobody knows this stuff better.
I saw him on a talk show once talking about these killers like they were his friends. Not the victims not the families of the victims he doesn't talk about them. Blood money that's what it is. Did he hit on you.
You mean 
No Jaime I apologize. I didn't I had no right to speak to you like that.
No I mean maybe we should back off a bit you and me.
And nobody else can do that.
But why this pattern.
It's quite advanced.
Low calls him Suspect Zero.
Agent
How did you know Speck was a killer.
I'm not sure exactly. I had monsters on the brain. I wanted to get these guys every one of them. I got obsessive.
Suspect Zero.
Deputy Director Koessler opposed the theory because it meant pressing the legal envelope risking high-profile failure. Better to get rid of me. Then he could be Mr. Serial Killer Mr. Authority on Deviant Behavior no embarrassing questions about the contribution of one Richard Low. Do you really think that plane crashed by accident. Do you really think I wasn't on it by accident. I've always had a good sense of intuition.
Hum a tune and I'll sing to it.
After my hiatus after I got my priorities readjusted I drifted online started tracking porn chat rooms looking for Zero. Got accepted came across these boys swapping stories pictures downloads. Never found Zero but I did come across some Class A scumbags.
There's someone out there Mack I know some man killing for the fun of it sniffing human glue without regard to age or sex without predicable M.O. Someone who has a way to dispose of the bodies. You have access you can call up local authorities check morgues conduct interviews. Be my man.
I know you Lionheart. I watched your mind work heard your dirty thoughts 
[Reality very risky.]
[The address is 147 South Rane. It's a lively address. You got a problem with dark meat.]
Updating the condition of all Bureau- owned vehicles in the southwest sector sir.
MyDick.
Do you realize that I've been waiting for that call for six months and I cut her off.
What do you drive.
You're a comedian.
Nikki.
I thought I was going to die.
Well it still sucks but you start to see that there are advantages to being single.
He's so sweet. He really said that.
Wait here I'll get you that martini.
Do you ever perform out here. I'd love to see you.
You should. A lot of comics play Vegas.
I know but she did. She's with someone else now
Sorry it's just that
When I lived in New York they made it sound like they were giving out sit-coms to stand-ups at the airport. I got off the plane in L.A. six months ago and all I got to show for it is a tan.
You didn't have to get off the other line. I would've called you back.
Hi Lorraine. Thanks for holding on.
What kind of things.
Why didn't you call.
So the only difference is if I forget about her or pretend to forget about her.
I mean first you'll pretend not to care not call whatever and then eventually you really won't care.
It's a gig.
You're an actor. Find the Zen in the role.
Haven't you noticed I didn't mention Michelle once today.
It's like every day I see a beautiful woman. I'm not used to that. I'm used to seeing a beautiful woman I don't know once a week. I can't handle it.
I can't wait till I actually get to touch one of them.
There are so many beautiful women here.
It's unbelievable.
Well you're doing so well
At least you didn't get turned down for Goofy
Because you left man. She's got her own world to deal with in New York. She was a sweet girl but fuck her. You gotta move on. You gotta let go of the past. The future is so beautiful. Every day is so sunny out here. It's like Manifest Destiny man. I mean we made it. What's past is prologue. That which does not kill us makes us stronger. All that shit. You'll get over it.
Pause it.
Who threw this party anyway.
Big butt you know can't fly coach.
You live in such a fantasy world
What Vegas.
Tonight baby.
I'll pick you up in a half an hour.
Wake up baby.
This place is dead. I thought this was the city that never sleeps.
Don't make fun I think we can get some free shit if we don't fuck around.
Twenty but I was down at least fifty. I'm sorry I got hot at the crap table.
You won. There's nothing to be sorry about. You're a winner. I'm the fuckin loser. I should be sorry.
Mikey's the big winner.
You think so.
What was the part.
I don't know. The whole Judy Garland thing kind of turned me on. Does that makes me some kind of fag.
Yeah a good friend.
I just need some time
How long do I wait to call.
Bitch You little bitch.
Because he's a bitch.
I don't know. I guess kids were hitting each other or something.
Is he cute. Ask him if he wants to stay for a cocktail.
No.
Laugh all you want but if you call to soon you can scare off a nice baby who's ready to party.
Shut up Sue
I know for a fact you haven't because you never shut up about it. You're like a little whiney bitch
What do you want of me. I'll give you anything you want but do what I ask.
What was that.
Eat it it's on the table.
My business is heroin I have poppy fields laboratories in Narseilles and Sicily ready to go into production. My importing methods are as safe as these things can be about five per cent loss. The risk is nothing the profits enormous.
What percentages for my family.
Are you worried about security for your million.
I kept trying to call you after my divorce and Tom always said you were busy. When I got the Wedding invitation I knew you weren't sore at me anymore Godfather.
You take care of your family.
When did he call.
Mention it don't insist. Barzini is a man who will know that without being told.
I told you that it wouldn't escape his eye.
Barzini will move against you first.
Yes.
Don Tommassino.
What is it.
Only the son of a Pezzonovanta.
If Luca sold out we're in real trouble.
The other families won't sit still for all out war.
And when they shot me father
I found out about this Captain McCluskey who broke Mike's jaw. He's definitely on Sollozzo's payroll and for big money. McCluskey's agreed to be the Turk's bodyguard. What you have to understand is that while Sollozzo is guarded like this he's invulnerable. Nobody has ever gunned down a New York Police Captain. Never. It would be disastrous. All the five families would come after you Sonny; the Corleone family would be outcasts; even the old man's political protection would run for cover. So justtake that into consideration.
One of Tattaglia's people.
Pop they hit us and we hit them back.
Will you give this letter to Michael.
What about McCluskey.
Bookkeepers know everything. Rocco's men are all a little too good for the jobs they're supposed to be doing. They get a little more money than the job's worth. Lampone's a good man; he's operating perfectly.
I've never seen anything like it.
Then Luca turned to the other man
I told you you wouldn't like him.
If he's your brother why does he have a different name.
I used to come down to New York whenever he sang at the Capitol and scream my head off.
Can you say it.
Visiting hour ends at eight thirty. I'll just sit with him; I want to show respect.
Don't you want dinner first.
How can you be sure.
Is it going to be all-out war like last time.
Sollozzo is a dead man I don't care what it costs. I don't care if we have to fight all the five families in New York. The Tattaglia family's going to eat dirt. I don't care if we all go down together.
A million times.
Do you renounce Satan.
No. I want things very calm for another six months.
Barzini wants to arrange a meeting. Says we can straighten any of our problems out.
Did you forget where I live. It's four o'clock.
We.
Is that good.
It's vile.
No I like him.
Well I knew you so I suppose you must have known me.
I could fuck this icebox I love it so much. What were you actually doing in New York.
A few places that's a few jobs. Anyway I don't want to think about New York.
Do you have any brothers.
Relax. The most important question is where to eat. I hope Freddie made a reservation.
Freddie.
What's the fight about. That's her fiancee isn't it. Are they blaming him.
I'm prepared to take the blame.
Marge and I are getting married.
I love Marge.
I don't think he's at dinner at 6.30pm. If you said he was still at lunch I'd believe you. Incredible. The guy has disappeared off the face of the earth.
What about Christmas.
What. I think I'm saying it. Something's going on. He's either converted to Christianity or to something else.
Tom. How are you. You look well.
I could probably see my bedroom from here. I can see my house. When you see where you live from a distance it's like a dream isn't it.
Hello Tom. You're off. What are your plans.
Are you okay.
He hates being confronted.
Marge how are you. What are you doing in Rome.
Marge you know Dickie has I hate Opera tattooed on his chest.
Tell me the truth. Did he kill Freddie.
Dickie did it.
I was looking forward to seeing him.
Very.
Did Dickie's Dad go.
Marge. Where are you going.
Today for the first time I've even wondered whether he might have killed Freddie. He would get so crazy if anybody contradicted him well you know that. Marge. I loved you you might as well know I loved you and because he knew I loved you he let you think I loved him. Didn't you see couldn't you see. I don't know maybe it's grotesque to say this now so just write it on a piece of paper or something and keep it in your purse for a rainy day. Tom loves me.
I hope so.
At Christmas. To Cortina with Freddie Miles and 
C'mon I need to talk to you. Just the two of us.
Don't worry. Really. Don't worry.
Oh Meredith I'm sorry. Of course I'll meet you. Let's have coffee in the morning at Dinelli's.
I don't is that by the Spanish Steps.
I was looking at you your clothes I wouldn't have known you
Just kidding. Are you alone.
And co. A lot of co. Oh God I've thought about you so much.
I haven't been hiding. I've been in Police custody. They've been trying to flush out Freddie's killer.
Dove e stato il signor Ripley da allora.
Ten thirty.
What do you mean. They're sending someone from Rome.
He's already angry I don't think 
I'm sorry. I was asleep. I must have fallen asleep.
Good. But I think we should stay in here for the rest of the trip.
Didn't look that way you know from a distance.
Dickie and Peter that's just too good gossip isn't it.
What are you talking about you're not a nobody. That's the last thing you are.
Good things about Tom Ripley. Could take some time. Tom is talented. Tom is tender Tom is beautiful
Yes.
Senta. We have to ask you to stay in Rome.
Never. We've had many requests and of course we say no even to your fiancée.
I don't remember the exact date.
I have.
Good. The Goldoni. Yes you're right. A coincidence. I look forward to our next meeting when I will be more careful with my English and persuade you to play me your saxophone. Alto.
That's an expensive gun.
I want a .32. Revolver. And a palm gun. That .22 there.
How much for everything.
You in Nam. Can't help but notice your jacket.
Yeah. I was all around. One hospital then the next.
Yes.
I can believe that.
Three in the morning. I don't think so. I have to go to bed early. I work days. It must have been somebody else.
What hours do you work.
Travis you haven't even played the record.
Yeah well my stereo player is broke. But I'm sure the record is OK.
Where are you going.
This is sort of high class
Well mostly
Huh.
More people watch it.
That taxi driver. The one that's been sitting here.
First she did her make-up. You know I hate it when they do that. I mean she does the whole works the mascara the eye-shadow the lipstick the rouge
Well whatever the fuck it is she used it. And then the spray perfume. You know the real sweat kind and on top of that get this right when we're crossing the Tri-boro bridge she changes her pantyhose.
Could you see anything.
Well I said Lady please we're on a bridge
Well you ever need one I know a feller that kin getcha a real nice deal. Lotsa shit around.
Stick up.
and after that Sport and I just started hanging out
Huh.
Besides I've got to stay here.
I don't know. Just should though. Somebody should kill 'em. Nobody'd miss 'em.
Travis what single thing would you want the next President of this country to do most.
I ride around nights mostly. Subways buses. See things. Figur'd I might as well get paid for it.
Twenty-six.
You would huh.
My name is Henry Krinkle that's with a K. K-R-I-N-K-L-E. I live at 13 1/2 Hopper Avenue Fair Lawn New Jersey. Zip code 07410. Got that.
Shit.
Look ah we never talked much you and me
Yeah.
That record company.in Nashville wants to hear my demo tape.
He's got a gun sir.
Motor oil.
Surprise surprise.
Come on Delly look at the country today. We're fighting communists in Korea we're paranoid about the Russians we've got this thing with the Rosenbergs and the atomic bomb You think they want suspected communists entertaining the American public with party propaganda like gosh I don't know Sand Pirates of the Sahara.
No I I just wondering where you've been all this time.
Me too.
You can all go home now. He's not going anywhere.
City hall.
Yes it does.
Mr. Chairman there's another Amendment that I'd like to invoke at this time but it's not the Fifth Amendment. I wonder if you're familiar with it.
What's that.
Or the Bijou. Either one.
Good to meet you. Again.
I can only imagine. You know I spoke with your Dad last year about maybe taking the Bijou off his hands. I don't think he gave it very much thought.
So you do intend to fix the place up after all.
Well after the war with so many of the town's boys killed people around here didn't much feel like going to the movies I guess. Some of 'em moved away Los Angeles Sacramento San Francisco. Wasn't much to keep 'em here I expect. And now with this television thing people just aren't going out as much as they used to.
February 10 1942. Picture 'Ball of Fire.'
But I
Ernie.
Jesus
I'm here.
A few.
Pete go home. Come on I'll call that girlfriend of yours what's her name Sandy.
It's possible. I just don't remember.
Wouldn't blame him if he was.
Are you saying it's a mistake that you didn't go to any meetings. They say you did.
They don't want you to testify because you're not a big enough fish for them. They just don't want you writing pictures for now. That's all.
Peter I believe in you. More to the point I read your new script um
Don't say that. There is no such thing as a blacklist. Now are you gonna play ball.
When'd you quit smoking.
Well that's not what they think.
I taught you that.
Sit. Play with me.
Oh
He was but he got sick. We got a new director today. Why.
Yes.
Thank you. It gives me something to do with my spare time. There's a lot of spare time in Bodega Bay. Did you plan on staying long.
Yes.
Oh hi. Did you find her all right.
It's utilitarian I'll say that for it.
I just picked up some things for the night at the general store. You see I hadn't planned on spending much time here.
Hi. Is something wrong. Is that cut beginning to bother you.
How do you like our little hamlet.
What do you mean.
Then why did she object to you.
Afraid I'd give Mitch.
Then what are you doing here in Bodega Bay.
You get straight to the point don't you.
And the second.
Yes.
Is anyone there.
Mitch knows lots of people in San Francisco. Of course they're mostly hoods.
They haven't harmed anyone.
Oh I suppose so.
Could I have a puff.
She said something about having to get home to take a call from her mother back East.
Oh. Where d'you want the coffee.
Why are they trying to kill people.
Good morning.
I didn't want to come right down the road where they could see me.
Mmmmmm. 'Course you could get yourself a boat cut right across the bay with it. The Brenners got a little dock there you could tie up at. If that's what you wanted to do.
The little girl's name.
The little Brenner girl.
Near the top of the hill you'll see the school and right behind it the church. You head for the school. Now just past the school you'll see a little house with a red mail box. That's where Annie Hayworth lives she's the school teacher. You ask her about the little Brenner girl.
I don't see what difference it makes Mrs. Bundy crows or blackbirds. If they attacked the school that's pretty serious.
We don't have any fog this time of year Mitch.
How do you do Miss Daniels. Acknowledge a what.
Lovebirds I see.
Whose side are you on.
I think I can handle Melanie Daniels by myself.
Well well is everyone all right.
I'm not very good at this Mitch.
Where can we go Mitch. There's no place to go.
If If when we get to San Francisco If they're already there.
They won't be.
Al Malone wanted him out at the Fawcett farm.
He was calling from the farm Mrs. Brenner.
Yes I'm sure she's fine.
Why Mrs. Brenner.
Would you. I'd feel so much better.
Didn't know how he got in there. Had a broken leg turned out. Just fluttering all around there.
Bodega Bay. He goes up there every weekend.
Sixty Oh.
About an hour and a half on the freeway. Or two if you take the coast highway.
I'd hold the birds for him but I'm going away myself. Someone's got to feed them I suppose.
Lovebirds sir.
No sir those are redbirds.
Oh certainly. It's to protect the species.
Ahhh but I know you.
How.
We never met in court or anyplace else.
And I'm glad you didn't get your lovebirds.
So you're a lawyer.
Ouch.
Yes.
Just a few just a day or two the weekend.
Oh no you don't.
I don't know. But it seems to me you must have gone to a lot of trouble to find out who I was and where I lived and
I loathe you. You have no manners. And you're arrogant and conceited and I wrote you a letter about it in fact but I tore it up.
I was. And all I get for my pains is a a a hole in the head.
Certainly but
You'll be able to find your way back won't you.
I'm in San Francisco five days a week. With a lot of time on my hands. I'd like to see you. Maybe we could go swimming or something. Mother tells me you like to swim.
You were just a poor innocent victim of circumstance huh.
I'm neither poor nor innocent but the truth of that particular
Yes but
And you didn't come up here to see her.
Did you really write a letter to me. Or was that a lie too.
What did it say.
I told you what happened in Rome.
I'd still like to see you.
What do you want .
On Thursdays I have my meeting and lunch. I'm chairman of a group that's sending a little Korean boy through school. We plan how to raise funds and things like that.
It's hard to believe anything at all happened yesterday isn't it. It's so beautiful and still now. I think I've got it all figured out by the way.
Growing a beard
Hear hear.
What do you mean.
You'd have been safe in San Francisco.
Have you got a pencil.
Yes certainly.
Immediately. Is this the Daily News. Melanie Daniels. Would you get me the city desk please.
I don't know why.
Sebastian I'm not an alarmist.
No. I don't Mitch. Because I can't see any reason for it.
Then help me Sebastian. You're an important man in this town. If you'll help the rest will.
I'm not sure but
They made some mess too smashing into houses and everything. They always make a mess. We're better off without them.
How many gulls did you count Mrs. Bundy.
The ones that've been raising the devil with my fishing boats.
I haven't finished my drink.
I'm very pleased to know you Master Fettes.
You must leave this house.
I can't do that you heard MacFarlane.
He's not home.
There's no standing between a fool and his folly. If you must babble your news to him he's at the Fisherman's Tryst. It's the inn at Pennycuik. You can use MacFarlane's horse and gig to get there. He'll welcome the ride back.
You see it is completely out of the question.
Well 
But I didn't ask him to kill.
When she's ready you bring her to me I'll show her how.
I know it I know it The moment I was rid of him 
This is not a woman.
What you really want to ask me is about my back isn't it about where it hurts.
They're uncommon bold the grave robbers and the daft doctors who drive them on.
It might be an interesting case.
Now that wasn't a friendly thing I heard Toddy. Not at all friendly.
You can't build life like you put together blocks Toddy.
I'll tell you what Toddy. It's because I ran down the streets with the mud and the stones around my ears and the mob yelling for my blood. It's because you were afraid to face it and you're still afraid.
Well then I beg you I beseech you 
But why Gray. Why.
I want to speak to you alone. I saw something. I heard.
You're welcome to my little nest Joseph is it not. That's right you have something to say to me something very private.
Only Brother.
You say you've come here on your own account. No one knows you are here.
But where did they get those people.
There's nothing I can say for one small child.
You're wrong.
You think I'm crazy.
You killed her. I saw it.
You're him. You're Corvis. We fried your ass. You're dead man.
The scar.
Are you out of your fucking mind. We're going to die.
How can you die if you're already dead.
I was a friend of your sister's.
He didn't kill her.
This tree. Here's where it happened.
Doubt is a motherfucker.
Do you believe in ghosts Nathan. Because there's a ghost threatening us.
Erin. I know you think she's been talking to you.
No.
That was my first question.
Yes that is true.
In the hands of a mature civilization these would not be considered weapons of aggression. But in the hands of your people We've observed your aggressive tendencies and we don't trust you with such power.
It is not enough to have men of science. We scientists are too easily ignored or misunderstood. We must get important men from every field. Educators philosophers church leaders men of vision and imagination the finest minds in the world.
My name is Carpenter and I'm a very earthy character living in a respectable boarding house.
Maybe a little demonstration.
Hi Mom.
We sure had fun today. We saw the space ship and we went to see Professor Barnhardt and
Yeah sure. Mom do I have to go to school tomorrow.
Of course dear.
No. It's for a lot of other things too.
You think it can go faster than an F- 36.
All right.
Let's not say anything to my mother about this Mr. Carpenter.
All you have to remember is first find the common denominator then subtract.
Oh I'd say forty-five.
Just Klaatu.
I mean the reasons for my coming here.
I am not concerned Mr. Harley with the internal affairs of your planet. I consider that to be your business not mine.
I was only hoping to make you understand.
We're all set. I picked up some sandwiches and put gas in the car. And the radio's still busted so me can forget about the space man for today.
Well we could
Are you crazy. After what happened today.
What happened.
I'm worried about Gort. I'm afraid of what he might do if anything should happen to me.
He'll catch on to it in no time now.
Oh I see. He was having trouble and you were helping him out.
Yeah.
We don't ride with vampires.
Okay. Where's Nosferatu.
Should I run him through.
They're looking at us.
I'm my own man.
Are you guys sniffing old newsprint or something.
Of course not.
I don't want names. Just lead me to him. Where's their nest.
Lucy you're the only woman I ever knew didn't improve her situation by getting divorced.
Max. You men we're having company again.
You like Michael.
Wait a minute kiddo.
I guess no one cares what I got a job.
What's wrong. Tell me.
Do you mind. It was a real scary comic.
These are my dinner guests. Edgar and Alan. The Frog Brothers.
But I don't think it's what you really want to do is it.
I guess if I had my choice I'd like to do something that involves children. Work with kids in some way. Teenagers maybe. And Santa Carla seems to be full of them.
You're thinking of the groom not seeing the bride before the wedding.
I'm really sorry Max.
Star.
Oh. Your folks too huh.
I guess you're new around here.
Have to sleep. Have to sleep Michael.
I have to talk to you. Can I come up.
It's not too late for you to be saved but each night it becomes harder and harder for me to resist killing
This is kind of a cool place.
Grandpa does not own a T.V. Have you noticed. There's no T.V. Santa Carla has no malls no Cineplexes and now I won't even have MTV. I will not know anything hip happening anymore.
I was here first.
Nowhere.
I told you it was pretty weird Chinese food.
I'm making you a sandwich.
Sixteen.
Pretty nasty out Mac. Thirty-five knots.
Don't you understand. That Thing didn't want to become a dog
Nobody's getting in here. You can tell them all that.
How you doin' old boy.
Auxiliary light cables. Been cut.
Somebody broke in.
I suppose well it's possible someone might have lifted it from me. But
I said where. Where'd you go.
Somebody's taken it. I can't find it.
Torch them.
You ain't tying me up.
Then I'll have to kill you.
Maybe we should try and fix the radio try and get some help.
Now hold him.
Nothing we can do about that.
Hold on damn it. We're getting nowhere If this bit of Blair's about absorbing and imitating is true then that dog could have gotten to anybody.
Can there be some kind of test. To find out who's what.
I don't see how when I'm finished I return it right away.
Right. Why not.
That thing's too smart to be hiding any more of its clothes MacReady.
What is it.
 Made sure I got ahead of him on the towline on the way back cut him loose.
You know of them.
I was lucky. The others weren't.
As slaves.
How.
What.
Say I just come back again.
A man can change his history.
God could have killed me bad girl Nell. How did you know to do that.
Ahhh I'm afraid I've got a prior commitment.
Well there's something new.
Darling.
Let's walk through the park
Damned if I can keep her out of my equations.
For God's Sake David 
This was my home.
Couldn't help but overhearing. Two fine young people starting out on the road of life. I wish you the very best.
I'll take you to your machine tomorrow.
And there's no shame to that. It's all the same here. Everyone has an important job to do. We all work together and couldn't survive without each other.
 It was a great city. The greatest city in the world.
Learning was important.
It sounds like a wonderful place to live.
Alexander.
You've welcomed me into your home. Into your lives. Everyone has For the first time in a long time it doesn't hurt quite so much. I thank you for that.
Yes I suppose so.
Don't torture me do you have it.
Oh I'm already swooning.
As I recall the syllabus the name of your tutorial is Applied Mathematics and Engineering am I correct.
Well perhaps I have deviated the tiniest bit.
I am the oldest.
Where do they take them.
We'll see about that.
They're here. They're inside the house .
You ok.
Then don't.
Should we be
[Beat] You don't believe me do you.
In where.
How did you come to know their names.
I don't understand
Did you know my father.
We're late.
It's the ticking of a box on a sheet of paper no one cares about.
And I can't stay here in my condition. I am going to die tonight. It's already been decided.
But I like it I guess.
[Beat] You bled to death.
[Softly] I want to trust you. Should I trust you.
I never knew my father. Did you.
Yeah I did. [Beat] He was my most memorable patient.
So maybe Dr. Becker would know. [Beat] But as I'm sure you know the statute of limitations has run out for charging the hospital with any liabilities.
And how do you know that.
You told me this was how it happened.
That's Kingsley. Old bastard hears us I'm sure. He just doesn't want to bother answering so he makes us think he can't talk. I know. I tried it on my mother for two months once before she fished out my tongue. Literally. [Beat] You're the cop killer right.
It's gonna be sticky.
Geez how's that for a fucking thank you.
MacKenzie [beat] what if we are crazy.
Why of course.
Yup. That's me.
[Beat] Why.
So you never knew your mother.
Yeah me too. [Softly] Every day for the last ten years.
Uh-huh.
Well you're not exactly an expert witness but what makes you so sure.
Hey.
Why don't we go ahead and let the bureau in on this.
This is serious son. A man is dead.
It's just not working like this. We gotta do something. It'd be one thing if these girls were hardened criminals but Jesus Hal this is makin' us look bad. I don't know maybe they're not movin'. Maybe that little creep lied.
What for.
I guess I'm startin' to feel a little better.
Don't. I'm married. I don't feel good. I've been sick.
Naw honey that would be burglary. I never got arrested for burglary. Burglary's for chicken shits. If you're gonna rob someone ya just have to go right on up to 'em and do it. Just take the money. That's robbery. That's a whole 'nother deal.
Ask me no questions I'll tell you no lies.
Christ sure yes.
What.
So whaddya think. I mean I could uh get a job. Of some kind. I mean you've been tellin' me that for years right.
Don't worry darlin'. I'll say I never found you. I'll say anything you want. We'll find a way to get you out of this whatever it is.
Damn Jimmy did you take a pill that makes you say all the right stuff.
We don't need the lantern. The place has electricity.
It's Bob's the day manager's. He's gettin' a divorce so his wife's gettin' this place so he's just lettin' all his friends use it till he has to turn over the keys.
Another hour of so. We've got enough food for a month.
All of it. That he tried to rape me.
If you weren't so concerned with having a good time we wouldn't be here right now.
Louise this young man is on his way back to school and needs a ride and I thought since
I know Louise but we're running for our lives. Don't you think you could make an exception just this once. I mean look at the map. The only thing between Oklahoma and Mexico is Texas.
Louise and Darryl don't get along.
Well boy he's got his work cut out for him now don't he.
Well I'm not on drugs. But I might be crazy.
Don't worry about it. You want anything.
Oooooweee. You shoulda seen me. Like I'd been doin' it all my life. Nobody would ever believe it.
Just past Boise City.
Now what what.
Oh I don't know Thelma. I guess maybe we could turn ourselves in and spend our lives trading cigarettes for mascara so we can look nice when our families come to visit us on Saturdays. Maybe we could have children with the prison guards.
Gosh. It sure is.
I am really sorry about this.
I know it's crazy Louise but I just feel like I've got a knack for this shit.
Yes Thelma.
What do you mean.
No Thelma. I'm not gonna make any deals.
But I don't know something's crossed over in me and I can't go back. I mean I just couldn't live
Sure You know how to hotwire a car.
We can change our names.
Yes. Yes. Now what kind of deal do you think that cop can come up with to beat that.
I mean really. That business with your tongue. What is that. That's disgusting.
What.
Where.
Well uh can you tell us his name.
That's what I want to tell ya. I've been through two years of extensive psychotherapy and you know what. You were right I needed help.
He implied it.
Give me a break. Remember five years ago when your kidneys failed. If you were a loser would they have been able to find a donor with an exact tissue match. What are the odds of that one in a million.
Nah.
Never.
What's that Dom. What's the bright side.
My Mary she's not in Japan she's single and she's got no rugrats. She does have a little gambling problem she plays the football cards a bit too much but she's a babe a surgeon babe.
Huh.
But but you're married. You have kids a great wife.
Mary.
Not for me buddy. I don't drink anymore.
Am I.
Hello. Sully. Sully that you.
Ah I got a date tonight with that Mary girl I told you about.
I already know it Mary.
What are you doing with all these blueprints.
They keep him confined. That's bullshit.
How about .
Have you seen it.
Ouch. Come on don't bust my chops. I know it's corny but I do love it.
Pat I'm not kidding. I really think it's the greatest 
Look let's forget it. Let's forget the whole thing.
I've got some very very good news for you my friend.
No not at all.
Nope. Never been.
Uh that's okay.
Okay tell you what: I'll get her number for you just as soon as she gets back from Japan.
What. You're calling me a stalker.
Really. But he's been married for twenty years they've got six kids.
Did you build the Estadio Olympico.
I'm sorry I'm not familiar with it. What style.
Oh yeah the plan was going along just fine until you showed up.
'That right. Good for you.
Think about it. You walk into a video store and you see Eight-Minute Abs and right next to it you see Seven- Minute Abs which one you gonna spring for.
Jeez I don't know where you're ever going to find a guy like that.
It means you're too hard on guys.
What.
Don't get all gooey on me now you'll give me a big head. The important thing Doctor is you've got to distance yourself as much as possible without pissing this psycho off.
'Cause I thought maybe you and I could go if you weren't already taking someone.
Ted are you okay.
Hi Ted.
You look great.
Hm.
I mean he murdered someone and did time back in Boston. The guy's a freak.
Nitrate-sicles I like that.
Then what the fuck did you do it for.
Please leave.
It.
You're looking at him. C'mere and take a look at this beauty.
Well there's only one thing to do.
Franks and beans.
See you Warren.
With the caveat that it is not made public in any way shape or form. And we must have an answer tomorrow at the latest. I cannot stress this point enough.
Goddamn Stevenson. Jesus. Peace at any price. You'd think nobody learned anything from World War Two.
We're going to have to stop a ship eventually show the quarantine's got teeth or we'll prove McCone right.
Who gives a shit about the midterms now. The Soviets are putting nuclear weapons ninety miles away from us.
They're going to be pressing for a military solution soon. We can't afford to let them ram their agenda down our throats. We need to come with options other than air strikes so we have some sort of choice here.
All right so maybe we overestimated how reasonable this trade would look. Okay. You happy. So now what.
Yes it is.
 I have the authority. I am the commander-in-chief of the United States and I say when we go to war.
What's happened.
If you're home it means either Jack and Bobby have finally figured out what a con man you are and fired you or 
I saw you out there. You want him to call you back need you.
I want an hour with him.
Three weeks before midterm elections. You need me.
It's Tuesday. You said to call. When do I get my 45 minutes.
You'd worry that something was wrong if Congress offered you unconditional support.
Jesus Christ O'Donnell you're the one saying we need to move forward on a political solution.
Bob. Bet you had a late night.
Bob.
Heroes ain't supposed to shake. I'm shakin' man look at me.
Yes. Rooms thirteen and fourteen are on Indian land.
They're going to kill me next. That's what I hear. These new Indians are destroying everything. Our people are a quiet people.
A murder. On the reservation.
I know where I am. I'm on federal land doing a federal investigation and if you don't wanna cooperate you can take a ride in a federal car and spend the rest of the day in a little room answering federal questions. It's your call. Who are you.
Respect the dead Hoss. Because when 
Were you in Nam.
Somebody was serious about doing this guy that's for sure.
She's that subtle.
Well she's running now too. These fucking people like to run don't 
Bullshit.
You've got no jurisdiction.
What did he say.
What did he say.
He said he doesn't know.
What was he saying.
Was-te. 'Cept for one thing. Jimmy Looks Twice was nowhere near there. Ya see when Jimmy was twelve years old his mother and father was killed in a car wreck right down there near Elk Mountain.
That's not solid.
Ray 
You tell me. You tell me who went to the B.I.A. Bureau of Indian Annihilation and said I was messin' with your case man. I don't give a goddamn about your case.
At Wounded Knee. I mean that's where I was and that's where the dream was. Why.
So they took care of Leo.
Ray. Ray don't let go now Man. Ray
Look. You and I can stand here in a culture clash til the sun comes up talking about what's right and what's wrong. You're from the reservation. It's a different world.
Grandpa Reaches says you come from heavy Indian blood. I used to think Grandpa was gettin' senile. Now I know he is.
You burned an American flag today. And left it for me
X21 give me a 20.
No plates. No registration. Serial numbers removed. And all prints washed off by the river. That's great. This is turning out to be a walk in the park do you know that.
Remember that upside down flag back at Jimmy's house. Somebody took it down.
Must be a bitch getting around in that wheelchair. How long you been in it.
The men who came to see you at Leavenworth. The one's who made the arrangement who were they. Maybe I can talk to them.
Save you from a big mistake with that other guy.
Yeah most likely.
Everybody's got to be somewhere.
Simple deduction. It's fast. It's pretty. Sleek and stylishIt's your colormatches your lipstick.
What would you say too fasttoo quick
Is that all. CHARLIE What else do you want.
I can't.
Maverickyou know the rules of engagement.
What are you talking about.
What if he's not.
Most of them invite me to sit in the cockpitplay with the levers and things. MAVERICK Well get used to it.
Let's make it at eight.
Somebody does. It's more honest this way. You do your own dirty work.
You know what really scares me. Living too long. Losing my hair and my teethand my guts and my wind. And my brainsSitting in a room with my hands in my lap watching daytime TV.
I want it understood.
. Yeah.
He was a friend of mine. A good guygreat guy. It was my fault.
I was flyingmy responsibility.
That's what you get flight pay for.
Only when you're depressed. Then it passes.
Take something off.
One more.
You got your F-14 you got Top Gun you got your MiGs.You're our new Top Gun instructorNow what.
Hey if it was easy everybody would want to come up here and do it. Instead of just us.
You're crazy. We're level.
DIDN'T AHHHLOOK GOOD.
On what.
No shit. The Iceman.
Nice. Always a good idea to show up your instructors. He nods toward Jester glaring at them from his A4. Goose indicates the backseat of the Tomcat.
What are you doing.
3000 feet. I'll do it.
He's the best you have. He's going Top Gun.
It's kind of ironic. All you guys have women troubles and I don't.
That's because you don't have any women.
What now.
ON THE NOSE.
Three guesses.
Why.
Oh you mean the thrill.
First time on Mars.
I know a much better place down the block the girls are clean; the liquor ain't watered down
Don't bother looking. It's in your skull.
Come on Cohaagen. You got what you want. Give these people air.
I'm trying to neutralize a traitor.
Perfect.Get out of Sector G. Now. Don't think. Do it.
What is it.
Use your head you dumb bitch. He's acting out the secret agent role from his Ego Trip.
Good evening Doug. I'm Dr. Lull.
You're strapped into an implant chair and I'm monitoring you at a psycho-probe console.
I don't blame you man. I wouldn't want Quaid porkin' my old lady.
Where is he.
Do what.
You went to those brain butchers.
Clever girl.
How real does it seem.
They'll be here any minute. They'll kill you all.
What are you talking about.
I used to model for 'em why.
Where are you going.
Where's this reactor come from.
You sure about this.
What's wrong.
I just has a terrible thoughtWhat is this is all a dream.
Breaker there Earl. What do you want us to do.
What do you think. Max firepower or.
Jesus Christthink it smells like that 'cause it's dead.
You know up the jeep trail.
Oh my God.
I keep thinking if we were but half serious about money we should quit being hired hands and
Why.
Well <u>you're</u> the one won't work in the car wash. You're the one's gotta have a plan.
In the past year I must've said a hundred times We gotta get out of Perfection. We gotta better ourselves. You gonna stand there in broad daylight and tell me you think I'm the reason we're still here. You want to know how close I am to going to Bixby right <u>now</u>.
We did it. We faced temptation and we did not bend.
Those assholes are supposed to be <u>fixing</u> the goddamn road. Hey. Where are you guys. People gotta use this road you know. You on a booze break or what.
Pham we don't want to be stuck on a couple of canners. They better be fast.
Shut up. They got wind of something they don't like.
Pham Van don't get his mitts on <u>this</u> for no measly fifteen bucks.
Well folks what's the plan.
Shut it up. Shut the little bastard up.
How the hell long it take <u>you</u> to change a tire.
Doesn't matter. The cat can pull <u>any</u>thing.
Somebody paying you to do this.
Down honey down.
Yeah Val.
That's the sky that's going to be over our roof every night when we're done.
Come on. Get away from it.
Darn it.
What's it doing.
Yeah they're confused. They can feel our vibrations but they can't find us.
Our own Colombian Connection For three years Three years of ball breaking detective work. And we put a lotta bad guys behind bars.
Or this is this a significant difference.
Look I'm a lawyer and 
What everything. You shot a corpse. I don't give a shit about that .
When did you start working for the goddam D.A.
 Listen: November 5 1980. Cecil Stipe walked into 5th Precinct. Says he witnessed Chin shooting saw suspect's picture in Post. Says Shu Kai Kim wrong man.
What the lunatic who 
So what're we gonna do.
I've heard from the last ballistics expert on the list. It's an even ten who say Shu's gun killed Jimmy Chin.
But Roeder's dead. Ballistics says it's Shu. We don't have one witness unless we put Cecil Stipe on the stand
 What.
How long did it take Badalato to drive Jimmy Chin's body from Chinatown to the morgue.
I haven't thanked you for your work Kitty. You're doing good work.
Want to tell me what went down here.
Maybe because someone's afraid.
How can I tell you what I don't know.
When the D.A. hears I filed the writ he'll send someone here maybe claiming to be a journalist. That person will ask you lots of questions. Just be truthful Cecil okay. To all of us.
Y-yes sir.
Did the police make any attempt to phone you to follow up.
Edward T. Dowd.
This and that.
My staff tells me it's been mostly drug pushers I said that can't be the same Edward Dowd.
I'm sorry if I've ruined your day Mr. Reynard. But my client's had a rough eight years behind bars and 
Back in the Seventies I spent years putting away gangsters in a Colombian syndicate called the Ochoa. These guys are very dangerous Ed. When I hear that a small-time dope lawyer is conniving to spring one of these guys I see red.
Now maybe you got this case reopened because you see yourself as a thorn in society's side or you want to walk into any restaurant in Chinatown and get free dumplings
Are you implying that my motives are less than sincere.
I never joke about waiving a client's Sixth Amendment right to trial.
To the best of your recollection were you sober when you performed the tests.
My skip-trace turned up two Cecil Stipes. One's in Butte Montana. Other's at Riverhead Veterans Psychiatric.
I'll take odds on Cecil Number Two.
And its purpose.
Do the rival gangs compete for control of the prison drug trade.
Yeah we do some of that.
I think what Eddie wants to say is 
Let's test it for the record. Will the next victim be a man or a woman.
Baby laxative. We can't snort baby laxative.
No shit We killed a guy for baby laxative.
Don't get funny with me again.
Not tonight. Just give me something to take home to hold me over till tomorrow.
Bobby's got it.
Was there an argument.
Not that I know of. But arguments do happen don't they.
CHET I AM CALLING YOU FROM PORTLAND OREGON.
HE'S GONE.
And neither will I.
Where is the ring.
He's dead good and dead.
Ever see her with someone else.
Code. If you work with Gordon you learn that right away.
We're heading into a difficult situation.
The dress she was wearing had been altered to fit her. I noticed a different colored thread where the dress had been taken in. It wasn't her dress or she must have lost some weight.
No one could find those splinters without a machine like this. And no one had a machine like this.
Yes it is good. What do you think is in these other drawers.
Crushed skull. Probable cause repeated blows to the back of the head with an obtuse angled blunt object. Subject looks to be between 16 and 18 years of age.
Accidental.
Geez Agent Desmond it's three-thirty in the morning. Where are we going to sleep.
We're not. You and I are going to get some food.
You better dust this place Sam.
My guess is there isn't enough detail in the photo to get an idea of the design on the ring but we should do a blowup of this anyway.
No. I don't need to take this to be your friend.
All my things have me in them. I don't want you to be like me.
You know what that Big E stands for. Big Ed's Gas Farm.
Bob.
What about James. Can't James help you. You two are so in love.
I'm not.
Laura you have to deal with all of this.
Why. It does.
You're not a turkey. A turkey is one of the dumbest birds on earth.
You're on somethin' again aren't you.
Say anything you want I know you love me and I love you.
Fish eyes.
Why wouldn't you eat a fish eye Harry.
I'm not saying it's right or wrong it's just the way I feel. It's the custom thing I was thinking of. In America we don't use any part of the fish but the meat just to the side of the insides. We throw away the tail the rest of the insides and the head.
Dad
No you haven't met him. Have you met him.
No.
You know I did come home come to think of it on Thursday. I had a severe headache and I was driving in the neighborhood so I just darted in and out of the house. Where were you Laura. I didn't see you.
NO YOU HAVE TO KILL ME.
I'm kind of busy Norma.
There's no one here.
Yes.
What did he find.
And so what is the rest of his case aside from Dr. Thompson.
The man's an ambulance chaser
Neither does he. That's where he loses. This man's scared to death to go to court. We only have to call his bluff.
here's your mail call Mrs. Doneghy
That's the call that I'm waiting for.
Yes I yes I signed it yes. But I I didn't write that figure.
That is correct. I was engaged to render an opinion.
Engaged to render an opinion. For a price. Is that correct. You're being paid to be here today.
Do you know Dr. Robert Towler.
Through through his book.
Uh-huh. Still practice a lot of medicine.
I did.
Your Honor Bishop Brophy and the Archdiocese have offered plaintiff two hundred and ten thousand dollars.
Yes.
Dr. Towler who was in the operating room with you.
We went to Code Blue
'Code Blue' what does that mean.
She'd aspirated vomitus into her mask
Yes.
Please sit down. I told your wife. I'm sorry that we have to meet out here. I've got a case coming in two days in the Superior Court and my office is a mess of papers.
I doubt we'll have to go to trial
Hold on a second.
It's all right Mickey.
You ruined my life Mister Me and my wife and I am going to ruin yours You don't have to go out there to see that girl. We been going four years. Four years my wife's been crying herself to sleep what they what what they did to her sister.
I'm going to take you to the home to see the girl
Dr. Thompson. From your review of the hospital records of May twelfth nineteen seventy-six.
You sure you don't want me to stay on.
I in that small context I would have I would have to say 'no.'
Then you're saying there's no negligence based on my question.
she went in complaining of stomach cramps. Good doctor would have doubted the information on the chart.
'Code Blue'
The most respected
Hi.
You live in the neighborhood.
Mrs
One hour.
What is it.
I need an extension for my case.
You should have taken their offer. Especially if you were unprepared.
Is the Plaintiff ready.
I object your Honor
Maybe I can do something right.
Isn't there something you
I have to talk to you.
Continental Casualty
If you're selling something I'm late for work
My subscription lapsed three years ago
Yes we know that you do. I have it in my files. That's at the Manhattan Health Center
Who says that I'm protecting anyone.
I'm Mrs. Doneghy. I'm Frank Galvin why didn't you go in.
A healthy young woman goes into the hospital to deliver her third child she's given the wrong anesthetic
I had an appointment at his office I think I must have got it wrong. We had a meeting
He's not in Sir.
It's a long road that has no turning.
What the hell do you think you're doing. What's going on here.
Uh
now who is that.
he's a good man
he's a good man. He's the Prince of Fuckin' Darkness he'll have people in there testifying that the broad is well they saw her Tuesday on a surfboard at Hyannis don't fuck with this case.
Frank but not now. Frank. You're trying to wipe out some old business. But not now. I understand. But you go call 'em back. You call the Bishop back.
We've got her sister. Testifies she had a meal one hour before she was admitted to the hospital. This is the point.
So what. The best is yet to come. Check the TV Guide. They got our Dr. Towler on a panel on GBH on Friday: 'The Healing Hand. The Experts Speak.'
Yeah. How's our new witness.
She's protecting the Doctors she'd be up there on the stand
one of the other nurses.
All right. Who wasn't in the O.R.
What the hell are you doing here.
I talked to Johnnie White at the Bar Association. The broad used to work for one of Concannon's partners in New York awhile ago. She wanted to move to Boston. How badly did she hurt us Joe.
of the procedures
What happened in those three minutes.
There's only one thing that will stop the Martians. We've held back pre- viously because of the danger of radiation to civilians. Now there's no choice. The United Nations has voted authority to the United States. The White House will confirm an order to use the Atom bomb.
We can't go into town - everybody's getting out of there. I'll fly you over to Pasadena.
A big family must be funI imagine it makes you feel you belong to something.
I couldn't see much in the dark - but it was one.
Maybe they aren't too sure we're here.
The Rockies. You'd rather get back to that big family of yours in Minnesota wouldn't you.
We will sir.
That probably dropped half way to Pomona.What do you think.
Chase you'd better come home.
What. What kind of episode.
Is he all right.
Dylan. He's holding well. Earlier he had some problems he's in an oxygen tent just now
It was an earthquake and it was dark. I have no idea.
No way he's going anywhere. He's been well sedated.
He doesn't have to be awake to be on his feet.
Yes. It's a story. A story for a movie.
I know what he's doing is bizarre but most of the time he seems so normal so well adjusted. I just can't believe it's him. I mean and not something outside influencing him. Or is that how denial works.
Thinking I saw Freddy in the grave feels pretty crazy. And jumping in
I've never mentioned it to him.
I know how Chase really died.
I'm sorry I can't.
Listen dammit.
No I don't think that at all. How is he.
That was Nancy not me.
Dylan. And Chase. My God Wes did you know.
I don't know if it has really. With the exception of One and Three I've pretty much kept out of it. I'm working in television now. The hours let me spend more time with my husband and little boy.
Sounds good. Kim would you get Heather and me a coffee. How you like it Hon.
She said None the better you all go to hell
What do you mean.
Fine.
Albatross.
Rick March. Who the hell are you.
Gieg Chuck.
That's what they get for not locking the door.
It's a ninety-one. It's an 'A'.
You know I never had friends like this.
You gonna jump. Or are you just having a last look.
They don't know that. We were the only one's on deck. Look there's nothing they can do to me right. I'm a kid.
Depths of hell Ohio. How 'bout you.
Yes sir.
So is violating international law.
Albatross. Doesn't inspire a lot of confidence.
Well we thought we'd drop in and see if you were all still in one piece.
Humor me. Eat it anyway.
Spying.
That's enough.
Jesus. What the hell happened to him.
I couldn't do it.
This isn't just a story. It's history made allegory. It is a philosophical handbook for life. It holds the secret of this very voyage.
Well that was neighborly.
What do you think.
If he's a Cuban Castro wears a dress.
You've gotta be kidding.
Phil. What are you doing.
No.
No sir.
I have arranged to host a good will cruise for the Dutch students of the local school there.
Swing up son.
What.
Don't look down. Look in my eyes. Climb. We'll do it together.
Are you hating this. Are you.
It wasn't hard.
The papers are going to eat you alive. Even if you beat it you'll never get another commission. They want someone to be accountable.
Well that's so good to hear Artie. You know some of us depend on you down this way. You're so entertainin' and you get so many interestin' guests.
This be it.
How old are you.
Get out.
Bobby Peru grab you now Hold you tight Feel everythin' in you now Stay quiet Say fuck me and then I'll leave.
Whisper it Whisper fuck me Whisper Whisper Whisper Whisper
Sorry to hear it.
No I don't think so man.
When did you talk to Lula.
Talked to her this afternoon While you was out.
She really say she was pregnant.
Forty bucks
I don't particularly care for that kind of talk Bobby.
What's she doin' here.
It's none of my business but when are you and Marietta gonna tie the knot. I always wondered why you never did.
But I'm wild at heart.
Are you going to provide me with an opportunity to prove my love to my girl. Or are you gonna save yourself some trouble and step up like a gentleman and apologize to her.
Would you like to enjoy a martini with us.
Darlin' you ain't seein' Santos again are ya.
Marietta I was just gonna leave and see if I could pick up their trail.
I'll pack my things and meet you downstairs.
Camels same as me Guess both my mama and my daddy died of smoke or alcohol related illness.
Gee Sailor. I'm sorry honey. I never would have guessed it.
In a fire as I recall.
Well sure. But he was super-gentle you know. I mean he raped me and all but I guess there's all different kinds of rapes. I didn't exactly want him to do it but I suppose once it started it didn't seem all that terrible. It was over pretty quick and after Uncle Pooch just stood there and pulled up his trousers and left me there. I stayed in bed till I heard him drive off. Then I just went back into the kitchen and finished makin' my sandwich.
At Pee Dee all you think about is the future you know. Gettin' out. And what you'll do and what you'll think about when you're on the outside again.
Sound like ol' Dell's more'n just a little confused peanut Too bad he couldn't visit that ol' Wizard of Oz and get some good advice.
Too bad we all can't baby One thing about Dell.
One thing puzzles my mind sugar You're twenty years old - aren't you ever curious why your mama has this fixation on keepin' us apart. Puttin' a detective on us. I'll tell ya Lula Well It's more'n me killin' Bob Ray Lemon
You up for that.
Yeah I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez. At that age you still got a lot of energy.
That's disgustin'. Those kinda sentiments shouldn't be allowed out in public. Is this Biloxi yet.
Come look at this.
My God it better be darlin' cause it'd be the last What time is it.
I do.
We didn't do nothin' special I can remember. Just talked is all.
He was sittin' there havin' a beignet at the Cafe Du Monde. Do you think he saw us.
Hard to tell what's shakin' in a place like this honey. You don't want to be walkin' in the wrong door.
Not in Houston. We'd be better off in some place more out of the way.
You know Lula I never told you what all I was doin' before I met you.
That night in the fire while my daddy was dyin' I saw mama up in her room with Santos
I didn't want to say it but I had a feelin' Santos was up to somethin' with your mama
Well we're really out in the middle of it now ain't we.
And no AC.
Sailor.
You been drinkin' huh.
Buddy and Sparky come by earlier.
I'm sorry Sailor. I just can't help it. Give me a minute and I'll quit.
He ain't never known me Lula so there ain't much for him to forget. Not seein' each other for six years makes it next best to simple for us too.
How can you say that Sailor.
You know who it was and you know you aren't and I mean ARE NOT gonna see him EVER End of story.
Did you run into Johnnie in New Orleans. Lula are you in New Orleans.
You're comin' home precious. Santos' gonna drive us to the San Antonio airport.
Really mama I gotta go.
I don't understand this I don't understand this one bit. He was supposed to meet me right her in this lobby. Somethin' bad has happened - I jus know it.
Perhaps we should call a local law enforcement officer.
What's with you. You know what take care of him means. I don't call Santos except for one big reason.
Get rid of him.
I don't need to explain anymore'n I have You know damn well.
Explain it I told you.
Maybe I did Try New Orleans first Lula can't ever stop talkin' 'bout that town.
You're not tellin' me that you're sweet on him.
No But
Someone's gonna see us.
Santos Where's J-J-Johnnie.
Whattya mean.
Does that girlfriend of yours know that her mama and Santos killed her daddy. Does she know her own daddy was one of the biggest drug dealers around - till he started snortin' the shit himself. Does she know you was around that night her daddy was set fire to.
Yeah But I did And I told you all about it
Is there a contract. We made a deal once that we'd tip each other off if we ever heard.
She's a transvestite.
You're stoned.
She's still a transvestite.
I thought you were tinkering.
She left me. Crabs.
That was good.
Christ Crabs what do you expect me to do. The kid's practically in a coma.
Tripp.
Shit.
Sometimes we have to improvise.
Is it a little late to call the Chancellor.
So what do we do now.
Want some help with that.
My guess Vernon Hardapple.
Such as.
Naturally you have copies.
You must be mistaken.
They're anxiety attacks. That's a little disappointing.
Move away cupcake. He's got a gun.
Boy or girl.
Hello.
Goodbye Grady.
Trust me I understand. I just want to say something to you Grady.
It was my mother's. She won it in a penny arcade in Baltimore when she was in Catholic school.
Sounds like a good one.
That's really it.
I guess. Walter never tells Sara the truth about how much he pays for these things.
Miss Sloviak's.
Can I ask you something about her.
Shit. He must've left it back at Thaw. In the auditorium.
Jesus James you should've told someone.
Yes you did. Last night. To your friend Crabtree. Is he any good. he said. And you said: Not yet he isn't. I heard you myself.
It's because you don't eat.
James. Listen. Things things are a little weird with me right now and I well I have enough blame to shoulder these days without having to take the blame if something bad happened to you. And if you hang around me long enough something bad is going to happen trust me. That's why I need you to go home. Understand.
Yes Hannah.
Thanks for that. He all right.
The aunt Hannah. Where did you take James that day.
He cribbed that from Borges.
It's just that you know I was thinking about how in class you're always telling us 'that writers make choices at least the good ones. And don't get me wrong. I'm not saying the book isn't really great I mean really great but at times it's well very detailed you know with the genealogies of everyone's horses and all the dental records and so on and I don't know maybe I'm wrong but it sort of reads in places like well actually like you didn't make any choices at all. And I was wondering if it might not be different if maybe when you wrote you weren't always under the influence.
I got the message you called.
I need to talk to you.
Yes.
Who's gun is that.
Heavy. Smells like gunpowder.
Did you pass out again Grady. Did you fall somewhere.
It seems one of our students is missing and his parents found a dead dog in his bed.
I know.
I guess you have to go on faith.
I need a ride.
I'm not sure that's possible.
Tony. Now that I'm home.
I'm in love with your wife.
No.
I don't know if she'd want me to tell you that Grady.
Neurologist. Why. What's wrong.
Oh. Right. Linda I haven't been doing a lot of sleeping lately. My editor's in town and I have the book to finish and 
We figure the perpetrator let him out. He's blind and we figure he just wandered off and got run over.
Pier Angeli 1971 or '72 also pills. Charles Boyer 1978 pills again. Charles Butterworth 1946 I think. In a car. Supposedly it was an accident but you know He was distraught. Dorothy Dandridge she took pills in like 1965. Albert Dekker 1968 he hung himself. He wrote his suicide note in lipstick on his stomach. Alan Ladd '64 more pills Carole Landis pills again I forget when. George Reeves Superman on TV shot himself. Jean Seberg pills of course 1979. Everett Sioane he was good pills. Margaret Sullavan pills Lupe Velez a lot of pills. Gig Young. He shot himself and his wife in 1978. There are more but I don't know if you would have heard of them. Ross Alexander. Clara Blandick. Maggie McNamara. Gia Scaia.
Took some talking to convince your super I was a relative.
Got a job at old Frank's place. His son runs it now.
Beautiful. How's business.
How is she.
How old is Anna.
It's made from cherry. That's a hard wood.
She's got all this new furniture now. She said it didn't fit anymore so I kept it in the attic. I thought you might like it.
When.
C'mon Walter.
I don't like starlings.
Why not.
I'd love to hear it.
You tell me your name I'll tell you mine.
Yeah.
Your ivy. Too much direct sunlight. These plants don't like a lot of sun.
Sure they do. But outside they've got trees around them. The trees shade them from the sun. Of course the plants enrich the soil around the trees. One of nature's symbiotic relationships.
Don't be witty. Yesterday you took the number twelve bus from work but instead of getting off at your normal stop for some reason you stayed on. Why did you stay on the bus Walter.
No.
I'd say you're moving.
Then I'd say you're a lucky fellow.
So. How are you adjusting.
And your new apartment.
I'd keep away from him.
No you're not.
But will he .
The job's okay.
I'm not running for Mr. Popularity.
It's called sarcasm Dr. Rosen.
That's right.
Oh. It never crossed my mind.
I'm not afraid. I'm just saying that Carlos has a thing for his daughter and if he isn't careful he's going to suffer.
We have a few more minutes.
I mean when will I be normal.
I'm afraid not.
Then how do you know if your patients are getting better.
Then go see a therapist who will tell you you're normal.
Fuck you Rosen.
What did you think would happen.
Close your eyes.
Why.
No. When I say the word pretty when I say the word pleasure what is the earliest memory you see.
Where is she. What is she doing. How old 
Where.
Where are you.
All right.
Want a ride.
I'm all right.
Neither do you.
Something happened to you.
I'm not easily shocked.
The worst.
So what did you do.
No. Prison is time. That's it. You think time you feel time you hear time. Your heart doesn't beat to live it just beats time.
Sounds like a special guy.
I love my brothers.
No you don't.
You never asked them about it.
Are you serious.
Do you want to talk about it.
There we were side by side on the same ship for two months. I'm tool-pusher and we're testing this automated derrick of hers. So we get back on the beach and we're living together.
You done impressing yourself ace.
Bud. Hippy's on the bitch-box. It's a call from topside. That new company man.
Lord Almighty.
So what about Michael then Mr. Brooks Brothers Mr. BMW. You still seeing him.
No I haven't seen him in a few weeks.
Jesus Lindsey
I think it likes you.
You see where it's coming in.
What's the plan.
I drown you tow me back to the rig
That's it then. Finler McWhirter Dietz and Perry. Jesus.
Go to the infirmary get the cart . oxygen de-fib kit adrenaline in a ten cc syringe and some heating blankets. You got all that.
Cat you tie onto this manifold. There's some tanks on the other side; I'm gonna go check them out.
You better not say you missed that.
I think they're from 'you know'. Some place that has similar conditions cold intense pressure. No light.
You don't need to know the details of this mission you're better off if you don't.
Fluid breathing system. We just got them. We use it if we need to go really deep.
When do you have to go back.
But you just said that a month was too
But where are you going.
Look I'd like to get back to Lisca Bianca.
But how could weat a time like this when we just well let's at least first have a look around the other islands. Could be that something might turn up there.
But even here we were supposed to find who knows what And all we bring back with us is a crate of cigarettes.
I have a feeling that you're not used to being alone.
You're very fond of Anna aren't you.
I don't know why. I just couldn't help it.
Oh Sandro
And what about you.
Then why do you say them.
Good. It's better if it were absurd. That would mean nothing much can be done about it.
Why.
Yes she started to but I didn't feel like staying to listen to what she had to say. If we had to listen to everybody
Sandro I'm not coming down.
Well with a shark running loose around the place I for one won't get aboard that raft. They'll have to catch it first. I want to see it right here before my feet dead or alive.
One would have to be in love with somebody to know that.
Patrizia Patrizia Where's Ettore.
But how can you carry on a discussion in this heat.
Claudia I know how you feel but there are already two of us staying
And you expect to find him in here. Go and ask Claudia.
Let's see you dive from the top of those rocks Giulia. That would be really sensational. Come on Giulia your life is much too circumscribed.
Goffredo is the Princess' nephew. He's eighteen years old the lucky boy. And what do you know he paints.
Oh there are as many as one wants.
But how could they pose like that. I couldn't.
Don't you ever paint men.
Yes sir. My sister is sick and my father too.
Thank you.
No. The owners are in Australia.
Your mother.
Patrizia don't start in again I would rather be called depraved. Unless you happen to love children.
You know I don't love anybody.
Yes. Until proven otherwise.
Pardon me but why must I do you a favor.
 You needn't worry about being attractive here.
That's because they're suffering suffering is beautiful I want to be beautiful.
Who tells you these things.
God blew up the Hindenburg. He'll blow me up that's what she said
Why.
Why.
It made them uncomfortable. And if they didn't sleep well I'm certain the next day they were cranky as mules. Sister where are your sheets. Do you really believe that sleeping on a bare mattress is the equivalent of sleeping in a coffin.
Everyone.
Uh huh.
Oh there are so many.
Yes.
Oh yes.
I never saw any baby I think they made it up.
Where did the baby come from.
The baby they made up.
From God.
What's your real name.
Would you like some.
You liked Sister Paul.
Like what.
I hope not. It's a terrible thing to be dropped on your head.
I get headaches. Mommy did too oh but she wasn't stupid. She knew things that nobody else knew.
An angel when she was having one of her headaches.
Not my fault.
That's because you keep reminding me. If you go away then I'll forget.
You can tell me.
She can't hurt you any more.
She can.
Yes.
No I'm not.
You're a mistake.
Why were you afraid.
Yes.
No not yet Agnes very soon but not yet. How did the baby get into you.
Do you know who put it there.
Frightened.
Yes.
So she sent you.
Stay away from me
Agnes it had nothing to do with the hand of God. He did a terrible thing to you do you understand.
Not your fault
I hate him.
It was alive wasn't it.
And then what did she do. Agnes what did she do.
Here you are. Don't let anyone know where you got them.
What's the matter with you you've seen the reports. It's a cut and dried case.
No no no
Marie's dead Mama.
And you had a sister who died in the convent.
I don't understand. Are you expecting me to
Who knew about Agnes' pregnancy.
Didn't she have any physical examinations in this time.
Obviously there was.
I believe Agnes is different.
That's ridiculous
She had a a hole in the palm of her hand. She could have bled to death.
What.
I'm only interested
Oh some time in January.
Your niece.
Oh God if only I'd known.
I knew that after the fact.
It wasn't sex. It was a lot of things but it wasn't sex. You know when I was in the first grade my best friend was run over on the way to school you know what the nun said. She died because she hadn't said her morning prayers.
I wasn't. I wasn't. She was the pretty one. She died why not me. I never said my morning prayers. And I was ugly I was scrawny I had buck teeth and freckles all over my face do you know what the nun called me Sister Mary Clitus called me Polkadot Livingston.
Saint Peter.
Do you want to become one.
I'd like to begin.
But how did it happen.
She is an innocent.
But she is not an enigma Mother. Everything that Agnes has done is explainable from modern psychiatry. One two three right down the line.
Who was that person Mother. Was it you.
Where is she.
Who knew she was pregnant.
Oh don't be ridiculous.
I don't know too late to stop it.
And the baby.
They're yours.
Hoop this isn't a hoop it's a lethal weapon. Have you got a licence for it.
Why aren't you at work.
You don't think
They'll be here.
Aren't you being rather arbitrary.
Well that's the wrong line for a start.
Ah a shamus eh.
Good. Hart get him whatever it is they drink a cokearama.
Did you look in here.
Ringo.
Morning. Who's that little old man.
Oh.
Are you supposed to be here.
How'd you guess.
Thank you.
Yes.
The big hammer.
Oh aye a sledge.
Aye well actresses aren't like real people are they.
Oh I don't know anyroad up they never are are they.
I only enjoy acting for myself. I hate it when other people are let in.
Well it's nice to know you think we're clever.
And cunning.
Ah.
Well what's the matter with that.
At least I've a backlog of memories but all you've got is that book.
When you could be out there betraying a rich American widow or sipping palm wine in Tahiti before you're too old like me. A fine neat and trim lad the class of you should be helping himself to life's goodies before the sands run out. Being an old age pensioner's a terrible drag on a man and every second you waste is bringing you nearer the Friday queue at the Post Office.
Well I'm not exactly a voluntary patient.
Eh.
I'm soldier of the Republic you'll need the mahogany truncheon for this boyo. A nation once again.
Hello Grandfather.
You see. You know your trouble you should have gone West to America. You'd have wound up a Senior Citizen of Boston. As it is you took the wrong turning and what happened you're a lonely old man from Liverpool.
Oh no you're not. You've gone too far this time and who's paying for all this.
Well don't be daft I've got to.
Don't worry son we'll get you the best lawyer trading stamps can buy.
Are you listening to me Lennon.
It's all right for you you couldn't get a pen in your foot you swine.
Leave him alone Lennon or I'll tell them all the truth about you.
I knew it <U>he</U> started it I should have known.
Where's my grandfather.
What do you think are you're up to.
Look after him.
Eh what's all this.
What's the terrain down there.
It's basalt. Rock.
Maybe we can get in by the top.
What's wrong.
I have interrupted the course of the voyage.
Where does that go.
There's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge. I'll go get it.
All right but do <u>not</u> go below decks.
It makes me sick to see him like that.
That thing God almighty didn't you try to get it off him.
Well those things out there aren't the same you know the spaceship and the pyramid. They're from different cultures and different races. That ship just landed here crashed like we did. The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous.
Still unconscious.
Can you do anything for him.
The machine will bring his temperature down. His vital functions are strong.
Now what's wrong.
What do you mean no.
I keep my mouth pretty much shut but I don't like hitting.
Don't count on it.
Recognizable. In that.
 And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle.
Is it armed.
Sandy you want to give us some vision.
Receiving.
If we don't hear from him soon I think we better go in after him.
Yes thank heaven.
We're going home. We're in hyperspace.
How.
We came out there we'll go back. A long time by the clock but a short time to us.
It appears to be a heavy fluid of some sort it blocks the X-rays
Yeah.
Chaz I've got something here on my security alert. A high priority from the computer
Let's hear it.
Oh my God.
10% argon 85% nitrogen 5% neon and some trace elements.
Yeah rock particles. Dust.
Oh well you know me.
I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is. It'll arrest the progress of his disease and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies.
That's a flip-flop gate to channel the air but we can use it to trap the thing.
Okay. First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines.
A pair of incomings. They popped-up on the medium-range about thirteen twenty-four local time.
What's happening.
Cassie thank Christ. We're under attack.
When.
Deal.
Yeah.
Something spooking the rhinos.
What.
What. Are you nuts. Just the two of us.
What the hell are you doing.
Careful of that edging there
Wait. Lost it.
Nobody wander off on their own until it's found. Keep in pairs. Diller once the first team's done their sweep I want you to go down with Annie to Three-Pump while she replaces it.
Nah. It's got programmable facilities but it was never rigged for remote operation. Someone'd have to go up to the cab to get it up and running.
We had to. They were just too cumbersome for some of the conduits you're gonna have to negotiate. Besides all the crap floating around reduces visibility to the extent where I doubt having helmet lights would have make that much difference anyway. Maintenance lights down there oughta be enough to do the trick.
That's what we thought.
Hey boss. Wondered where you'd gotten to.
I just wanted to be put on my own for a while. Clear my head.
How's it going.
Hello there. Who are you.
Certainly Mr. deWitt
I think the time has come for you to shed some of your humility. It is just as false not to blow your horn at all as it is to blow it too loudly
Even so. One isolated pretty good performance by an understudy. It'll be forgotten tomorrow.
After you change if you're not busy elsewhere we can have supper.
I'm not enough for a paragraph.
And that memorable night when Margo first dazzled you from the stage - which theater was it in San Francisco. Was it - the Shubert.
Just some coffee.
I'm not surprised. After all that humble pie
She mentioned of course that Margo expects to play the part.
Just like it.
Why'd call me a killer.
That's for tonight. You're invited. We're having everyone up after the performance.
I didn't mean just the Theater.
I'm in love with Lloyd.
You sat and talked until it was light
Addison will you please say what you have to say plainly and distinctly - and then get out so I can take my nap.
Yes Addison.
I won't play tonight. I couldn't. Not possibly. I couldn't go on
I don't think I'm going.
Because I don't want to.
No it's not. It's for this.
That isn't a waiter my dear. That's a butler.
In my case it's necessary. Too many taxi drivers write plays.
It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it
I consider it highly unnatural to allow a girl in an advanced state of pregnancy-
Completely. Nor I am sure could anyone else present tell you how Miss Caswell read or whether Miss Caswell read or rode a pogo stick.
You've already met.
Right here. A minute ago.
Am I going to lose you Bill. Am I.
Bill. Have I gone crazy Bill.
Kid stuff or not it doesn't happen every day I want to heat it - and if you won't say it you can sing it
It's a pretty rare quality these days.
Clyde Fitch thought you may not think so was well before my time.
- guilty.
Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow.
The audition.
Don't calm down.
That word again. I don't even know what it means
I admit I may have seen better days but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.
Groom.
- after all the other day was one scene the woods are full of one scene sensations. But you did it. With work and patience you'll be a fine actress. If that's what you want to be.
What have I got to do with it.
Your make-up's a little heavy.
I'm in love with Margo. Hadn't you heard.
Lemme fix you a drink.
Oh-oh.
She works hard.
What are you doing here.
Erasmus Hall. That's in Brooklyn isn't it.
So there you are. It seemed odd suddenly your not being there
You look just fine  by the way. What's your name.
Good night Eve. I hope I see you again soon-
Not just that way. As a friend
Eve. I'm fond of Margo too. But I know Margo. And every now and then there is nothing I want to do so much as to kick her right square in the pants.
May I have your coat.
There can't be very much-
Tell me. How did your lunch turn out - with the man from Hollywood.
Eve. I - I don't think you meant to cause unhappiness. But you did. More to yourself perhaps - as it turned out - than to anyone else
Yes you will. You Theater people always do. Nothing is forever in the Theater. Love or hate success or failure - whatever it is it's here it flares up and burns hot - and then it's gone.
Congratulations Eve.
Right here.
It's the tight girdle that does it.
It seems to me that walking for most people is not very dangerous.
Come to think of it I haven't been very pleasant for weeks. For that I'm truly sorry. More than any two people I know I don't want you and Lloyd to be angry with me
More than anything in this world I love Bill. And I want Bill. I want him to want me. But me. Not Margo Channing. And if I can't tell they apart - how can he.
I remember.
- 'at's my loyal little woman.
Then a childish heavy-handed routine about not knowing Eve was her understudy-
Margo hasn't done badly by it.
When you asked a minute ago it was five-forty-two. It is now five forty-three. When you ask a minute from no it will be-
Lloyd be careful
She's been to see me as a matter of fact she left just before you came in - you just missed her
I'm beginning to catch up.
Margo Channing has not been exactly a compromise all these years half the playwrights in the world would give their shirts for that particular compromise.
After all maybe she just wants to apologize
- well. What happened.
Not exactly. Sometimes though I wish I understood you better.
Don't be evasive.
Miss Channing is ageless. Spoken like a press agent.
I thought you knew She was put on over a week ago-
I'm sure you underestimate yourself Eve. You always do. You were about to tell me about Eve
I never said it was.
I mean really deeply angry
Well if she can act she might not be bad. She looks like she might burn down a plantation
I feel right now like there's one burning in me.
When's the audition.
You said yourself my inventory was in good shape - all of my merchandise put away. To keep her here with nothing to do - I'd be standing in her way and you need her Max.
I don't know if this would be a wise move
Promise.
it was bullshit the way it was
you only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale
what do you think.
July of '71.
fifteen phone calls
Why didn't we get that.
Christ and I even know somebody at the phone company
You're not a kid anymore.
you believe in the President you wouldn't ever want to do anything disloyal.
Lookfive men controlled that slush fund as CREEPthree of them we've got Mitchell Stans Magruder and we're pretty sure of Kalmbach.
The L.A. Times has a huge interview with Baldwin
Goddamnit
shit who do we know.
It makes a crazy kind of sense remember that initiation rite they have at the White House. Each new member of the President's staff has to prove his guts by getting an enemy of Nixon.
Same as Magruder I don't like it when they turn out to be human.
Jesus
What was the mistake. Do you think it's been rigged all along the way leading us on so they could slip it to us when it mattered. They couldn't have set us up better; after all these months our credibility's gone you know what that means.
John N. Mitchell while serving as US Attorney General personally controlled a secret cash fund that
Could you reach Mr. Dardis by car radio.
They never told me anything except my own roleI had to find out the rest in the papers.
Oh maybe nickel and dime stuff.
On the orders of Haldeman.
It gets interesting if it was Haldeman because our word is that when Chapin says something he's gotten the OK from Haldeman and when Haldeman says something he's gotten the OK from the President.
that was awhile ago
it would have been nice to have had this I sure would have liked to have had this
Hey very tense.
Lot of pressure at the Star. Carl when we got married you were four thousand dollars in debt; when we split you were solvent. That may prove to be the outstanding single achievement of my life and now look at this. How much did the damn bike cost.
There are too many people watching methey know I know a lot
My big civil rights buddy boy if John Mitchell was after your phone records would you be screaming. What're you onto.
And that makes anything you do OK is that it.
A Miami D.A. The guy doing the investigating is named Martin Dardis.
Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors.
I will not talk about the other two.
I'm not your source on that
well shit we oughtta be tense we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House it would be nice if we were right
What's this.
You saying the Democrats bugged themselves.
I don't know titles.
We can't talk inside either.
I met one of the defendants Mr. Barker at a social occasion once I have nothing more to say.
She's an awfully good reporterI can't remember her getting too much wrong before can you.
Yes sir.
If you don't like them why won't you be more concrete with me.
Go on.
Ratfucking.
They know but they focused on the burglaryif it didn't deal with the break-in they didn't pursue it.
Hello I'm Bob Woodward of the Washing Post and Mullen and Company Public Relations. Could you tell me when you expect Mr. Hunt. He is.
I was just kind of wondering why your name and phone number were in the address books of two of the men arrested at Watergate.
Central Intelligence Agency
Never. Please don't tell me never. Ben says you've found some wonderful sources.
As usual that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly. Except it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters it was National Democratic Headquarters and these weren't just any idiots these were special idiots seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying a walkie-talkie forty rolls of film cameras lock picks pen-sized tear gas guns plus various bugging devices. Not to mention over two thousand dollars mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills.
Lotsa hints
Who's Colson Harry.
Anything.
I don't get ityou were the one who wanted to fire him.
has any of them got an ax.
And as treasurer you could release those funds.
When so ordered.
I can't say anything I'm sorry.
look when the Watergate grand jury questioned you did you name names.
Hi. I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home
Good morning gentleman.
You're just gonna sit there and drink your coffee.
Whatever you hear about me you agree.
Why is this.
Yeahsoyou've got this sort of Bobby McFerrin thing going there.
Of course I didn't 
Yeahso like what else <u>do</u> you do.
I just realized that I didn't know anything about you. I was interested.
UmChris 
Because I want to.
So you're going to Michigan.
Yeah well my parents wanted me to go to Northwestern. I didn't want to write all those extra essays they make you do I mean how am I supposed to know what my most emotionally significant moment was. So when my U of M acceptance came in December I said the hell with it.
Yeah. You know people are always like What're you gonna major in. And I don't know. And they're like You'll figure it out. Yeah. When.
I'm not playing.
I can't think of anything to say that's not cheesy.
You meanand orgasm.
Are you kidding. No.
AlrightI'm shooting for a nine o'clock ETA. Beer in hand by five after.
But but what would I do.
Please God. Let this be it.
Yeeeeeeeaaaawwwwww.
Hold on. You have no idea why I'm angry.
Really. You seriously want to go with me.
Are they gross or something like guy stuff. Tell me.
Oh yeah. Put it in your mouth.
Yeah hey did you see The Little Mermaid on TV the other night. That Ariel whew.
You guys got the Latin homework.
Feels like warm apple pie dude.
You've still got a chance with Nadia right.
Move with the music.
No no you must put your whole body into it.
Dear Ms. Hughes. We're sorry but after keeping you on the wait list for the past couple months we've decided you are now rejected. Enclosed is a 100-page full-color brochure on how rejected you are.
Yeah we have something great Vick.
Yeah. Are you sure.
So do you want to be I mean how do you want to do it.
Don't say that we can do it somehow. It might not be perfect but 
What was I gonna do call dad. I don't even know his number.
Well that's not really the name but we always called it that.
That's good that's what I needed to hear. Now you qualify.
How the hell do you know all these random songs.
Dude prom sucks.
Wow. You two really have something going don't you.
You coming to party tonight Ostreicher ya fuckface.
Depends if my date wants to stop by.
God I can't believe there are so many cool people at this party.
Geez I feel bad for him. Maybe we should've told him abou -
Either way works for us
Who gives a shit. I've had it up to here with arrogant Frenchmen.
A-duh You're a werewolf. And we as your victims have to walk the earth until your curse is lifted.
Fine. My mistake. You know I'm gonna be a writer myself some day.
It's nothing. A stupid party. Not really a night club it's uh
Like an underground club.
It was you That night in the tunnels. You. You did this to me.
What was I. Your idea of a fuckin' hors d'oeuvre. Huh.
God. I can't believe it.
In Paris we have an expression for people like you: Enculé d'Americain.
My uncle's in a coma you moron.
Saint Severin. The church. So you know all about the ADM. Where is it. Tell me. Tell me or else.
Or else what. You'll kill me.
Claude.
Ha. Some wonder drug
But I don't remember anything I swear
Psychic awareness. Right.
You didn't know. But then why did you well don't worry. It's relatively mild.
Great. Later on we'll have to get together for cocktails. Right now I kinda have to hurry before I grow a lot of hair and eat people. Say this heart thing works. What's it got to do with ADM.
He's in charge but uh between you and me my English is better. This way So you're from New York eh. I love those Hill Street Blues
Why would he pick this one.
I'm telling you. It's not drugs. It's something more. Someth -
Here.
Where is your home Anya.
Did I tell you that.
I have my reasons.
Just what do you think you're doing.
It's so beautiful and sad.
Oh yes Grandmama - I wait until I hear
If I accept. Of course I'm going to accept. it's what I always wanted.
I wanted to come home Grandmama - and I did. I came back to my home with you.
What.
Oh my God. Don't do that feel my heart. Go ahead. I'm dying here 
Trust me it's her.
Hurry up with those papers.
I had nothing to do with it.
You were on uh the uh the Johnny Carson right.
Yes.
that I've got to ah ah They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes then I gotta go out there I gotta get laughs too. How much can they laugh. They-they they're laughed out.
It-but it-it doesn't make any sense. He drove past the book depository and the police said conclusively that it was an exit wound. So-how is it possible for Oswald to have fired from two angles at once. It doesn't make sense.
We've been through this.
Well why not.
I-I-I-I would leave out the men's- room attendant.
You wanna get coffee for two hours or something. We'll go next-
How can you possibly oversleep.
M'm.
Alvy now don't panic. Please.
Well maybe we should just call the police. Dial nine-one-one it's the lobster squad.
Oh God. Here yuh go. Oh good now he'll think- Aaaah. Okay.
It'll make great- Alvy be- Alvy it'll be wonderful Ooooh lovely.
Oh no I have a car.
Do I drive. Uh no I gotta-I gotta problem with driving.
Huh.
You keep it nice. Can I ask you is this-is this a sandwich.
Uh narcolepsy.
Well uh You're what Grammy Hall would call a real Jew.
Gee boy what do you have. You have plague.
Yeah.
It's terrific.
Yeah.
Okay.
M'hm.
you know they're- The-the horrible would be like uh I don't know terminal cases you know.
Oh. Italian right.
No I'm not.
Whatta you mean. You're not gonna give up your own apartment are you.
Just don't take any course where they make you read Beowulf.
No no no what You can once you can live without it once. Come on.
Neat. There's that- What are you- twelve years old. That's one o' your Chippewa Falls expressions. He thinks I'm neat.
And then I remembered when I was a kid how I accidentally saw my parents making love.
Sinatra had gl- You never said Sinatra had glasses. So whatta you saying that I-I'm suffocating you.
Well she said that I should probably come five times a week. And you know something. I don't think I mind analysis at all. The only question is will it change my wife.
You said Will it change Wife. Will it change
Are you okay. What's the matter. Are you all right. What-
Yeah where is the spider.
Tsch why don't we get why don't we get Rob and the three of us'll drive into Brooklyn you know and we show you the old neighborhood.
I'm into garbage. It's my thing.
Oh good. Okay.
It's wonderful. I mean you know they just watch movies all day.
Now look all the books on death and dying are yours and all the poetry books are mine.
You know I-I-I don't think many couples could handle this. You know they could just break up and remain friends.
Hey this one's mine this button. This one you rem-
No. We're friends. I wanna remain friends.
You're mad aren't you.
The what.
I tell you this because as an artist I think you'll understand. Sometimes when I'm driving on the road at night I see two headlights coming toward me. Fast. I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly head-on into the oncoming car. I can anticipate the explosion. The sound of shattering glass. The flames rising out of the flowing gasoline.
Why I was just expressing a healthy sexual curiosity.
Well I can't li- We can't have this discussion all the time. The country makes me nervous. There's You got crickets and it-it's quiet there's no place to walk after dinner and uh there's the screens with the dead moths behind them and uh yuh got the-the Manson family possibly yuh got Dick and Terry-
What-
Man that's great. That's just great.
Tsch a few.
Yeah.
I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics. Look- there's God coming outta the men's room.
It's unbelievably trans-plendid. I was at the Stones concert in Altamount when they killed that guy remember.
I hope you don't mind that I took so long to finish.
Who said that.
Thank you very much. It's a pleasure.
This is a great house really. Everything. Saunas Jacuzzis three tennis courts. You know who the original owners were. Nelson Eddy then Legs Diamond. Then you know who lived here.
May I see your license please.
Wh- How am I a paran-. Well I pick up on those kind o' things. You know I was having lunch with some guys from NBC so I said uh Did you eat yet or what. and Tom Christie said No didchoo. Not did you didchoo eat. Jew. No not did you eat but Jew eat. Jew. You get it. Jew eat.
Ah.
Yeah watch the road.
There's no economic crime you know but there's-there's ritual religious- cult murders you know there's wheat- germ killers out here.
Great but nobody laughs at it 'cause your jokes aren't funny.
You wanna lie down.
How about a ginger ale.
I even brought a road map to get us to the bathroom.
Whee you shoulda told me it was Tony Lacey's party.
I think he has a little thing for Annie.
Twins Max. Sixteen-year-olds. Can you imagine the mathematical possibilities.
She was stealing.
She was going through my pocketbook.
Now don't let it be so long now.
Oh he's adorable Annie.
Hi I'm-I'm Tony Lacey.
Are you are you recording. Or do- Are you with any label now.
Oh. What about.
Yeah.
Oh gosh.
Tessie they say you were the sister with personality.
It's the way they do things.
Why didn't you come in.
Had a little help.
Any thoughts on casting yet.
You're coming swimming in the pool and in a few minutes you won't even remember what it's about. You won't care who's in your damn movie.
Honey.
You want a Tylenol or something.
Just don't fucking tell her.
So where is young Jonah.
Jesus Sally. I'm not the enemy.
What a nose. You missed your calling.
Can I open it.
Directing suits you.
Ow. Gina you obviously need to get fucked.
Give him a minute Clair.
I adore him.
What you earn has to double in order to cover expenses in London it's an outrageously expensive city.
Accept a compliment.
I mean you're really back.
Yes.
Can't have gone far. He's like a greyhound. He could be miles away.
Fuck you.
Otis.
Otis.
Otis.
DO I want anyone else. No. Do I want to be with you for the rest of my natural life. I'm trying.
And how hard it hit.
Just stop right there Sally. We've been through this.
You've been through it. That's how you love people. When it's easy for you when it's convenient for you.
What are you saying.
Who. Who. Who thinks that.
This is insanity. Sally
I'm a monster. Exactly.
Alright good. Thanks for your trouble. So will you leave Sally and me alone right now.
I guess.
That's under lock and key.
I know.
Has she called.
Sure.
We have a gift.
Thanks I'll take that. Champagne.
Oh. Well. Good.
I'm not much of a reader but I do love autobiographies even biographies sometimes. Mostly non-fiction. Did you read the new Styron.
Don't be silly.
But I'm always afraid I'll say something stupid.
Thanks Mac. And thanks for being so supportive about all this. I really love you you know.
I don't know why but these misunderstandings have a way of escalating.
Scout's honor.
I don't think so. I feel. I feel a bit funny.
I'm a little in the puke zone.
You're never too old for a lolly. I'm having one.
Lemon or raspberry.
And he doesn't smoke.
I like you.
How's he doing.
You're not serious.
Ryan.
I so wish I'd known.
You fucking cow can't you read.
Suicidal. It's much less codependent.
She's all over him are you blind.
It's our anniversary Panes.
No. Not something new.
Um. Happy for you.
So where should I put it.
I thought it was okay where it was.
Well are you sure about this baby thing. It's not the ticking clock shit is it.
And Cal's this massive adult.
No Z. The squeaky wheel gets <u>thrown</u> <u>away</u> alright. You're a good ant Z even though you are a pain in my rear- segment. I don't wanna see anything happen to you. So quit mouthing off before you get in trouble.
No I mean yes I mean if you don't have other plans.
Invisible.
Well actually uh I'm sort of making it up 
And you are.
Excuse me I  Pardon me  And they call them social insects.
Oh come on <u>you're</u> the one who came after me the swarthy earthy sensual worker.
General Formica won't let me die out here. I'm his fiancee.
And only you can become a Queen.
We shouldn't be doing this it isn't proper.
Barbatus.
Actually sir we're ahead of schedule. We have thirty-six seconds available right now.
So this Zhe fancies himself an individual.
That's correct sir.
Damn I'm proud of you boy. I wish I had a hundred ants of your caliber. The world would tremble. Now time for some R and R. You're invited to the royal victory party.
I don't know what you're talking about Z.
Weaver they're career girls. They're obsessed with digging. No I'll probably never meet the girl for me.
Z we've known each other a long time right.
You have to help me. Please Weaver. Think of all the things I've done for you.
Well I'm gonna <u>start</u> doing things for you
Wear this.
You sure this is a good idea. DOBISCH Can't think of a better one.
What did you do to your hair.
It was making me nervous so I chopped it off. Big mistake huh.
Well in that case couldn't you .
What time does the show go on.
Eight-thirty.
Well as long as you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with me how about the three of us going out this evening you and me and the bowler stroll down Fifth Avenue sort of break it in 
This is a bad day for me.
I'd better get back to my elevator. I don't want to be fired.
Your phone.
I didn't know I had no idea this was your apartment 
Who are you calling Miss Kubelik.
In his apartment.
Baxter.
I think I'm going to give it all up.
You are.
As one woman to another I'm sure she'll understand 
Who was that.
It's only one story down the best you can do is break a leg.
Sure. What's that funny smell.
I wouldn't say that  What would you like to have for diner. There's onion soup and canned asparagus 
Well maybe not exactly I tried to do it with a gun.
Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati has four kids gained twenty pounds she sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.
I don't.
Oh Miss Kubelik. How do you feel.
I know. I suppose you heard about Mr. Sheldrake .
I never thought he'd do it.
Aren't you meeting Mr. Sheldrake.
No. You know how people talk. So I decided it would be better if we didn't see each other till everything is settled divorce-wise.
I love you Miss Kubelik.
Good evening Mr. Baxter.
I'm sorry Mrs. Lieberman and I'll never invite those people again.
Oh.
Where is your apartment.
Yes sir.
I made other plans. You can have both tickets.
I'm not just giving those tickets Baxter I want to swap them.
Oh yes sir. Very much. And I want to thank you 
Oh yes. Thanks.
The mirror is broken. It was broken when I found it.
You like. It's all yours.
Here's the breakdown of figures on personnel turnover. Thirty-seven percent of our female employees leave to get married twenty-two percent quit because 
Naturally.
What's gotten into you Baxter.
No no just had a little accident.
Could be she's just a nice respectable girl there are millions of them.
Oh yes Mr. Dobisch. I didn't recognize your voice 
Look Baxter we're making out the monthly efficiency rating and I'm putting you in the top ten. Now you don't want to louse yourself up do you.
It is. Well how about that. No wonder I couldn't get into the executive washroom this morning.
We went to bat for you and now you won't play ball with us.
Sure Doc.
Forget it I didn't do it as a doctor I did it as a neighbor. By the way whatever happened to her.
Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact when it's time for me to go and I may go just like that  I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.
Say what's going on here anyway.
 so yesterday afternoon I take Sylvia up to the apartment and guess who he's got stashed away in the bedroom.
I see. What do you think Al. Can we help the man.
Still afraid somebody may see us together.
You don't know what it's like standing next to you in that elevator day after day Good morning Miss Kubelik Good night Mr. Sheldrake I'm still crazy about you Fran.
I don't believe you.
Look Jeff we had two wonderful months this summer and that was it. Happens all the time the wife and kids go away to the country and the boss has a fling with the secretary or the manicurist or the elevator girl. Comes September the picnic is over goodbye. The kids go back to school the boss goes back to the wife and the girl  They don't make these shrimp like they used to.
No. I have a date at eight-thirty.
Remember what we talked about.
Okay. I just thought as long as it was paid for 
Sure. Monday and Thursday and Monday again and Thursday again 
Are you there Fran.
I didn't plan it this way Fran actually it's all Baxter's fault.
I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles cookie-wise.
Please Sylvia. It's a quarter to nine.
What gives.
I'm sorry Jeff. You know I could never hold my liquor 
You bet it won't. I'll arrange for you to get a month's severance pay  That's right Miss Olsen. I'm letting you go.
Maybe we should send up two flies and see if they'll propagate in orbit.
Look you know the girls Thta's Terri she was playmate of 
I like all of them 
I said I like all of them.
What's there to talk about this whole thing disgusts me.
What .
Esprit de corps 
North .
We do.
A long time.
He was working A.R.V.N. patrols and had one a them little cocky gook asshole Lieutenants anyhow the Lieutenant took his new Playboy one day sat on the end of the dock and wouldn't give it back.
A sauciere 
What are you doing out here.
I've arranged with those people we saw at Hau Fat to give us some 50 caliber in trade for a couple a drums of fuel 
I know it sounds stupid but I feel like the goddamn jungle's watching us.
Probably is.
Whatdoya think it thinks.
And the grass.
He killed that guy without feeling anything.
When you kill Cong don't you feel something.
Can I go get those mangos now.
You forgot the mangoes didn't you.
We could go in tomorrow at dawn there's always off-shore wind in the morning.
You'll see soon enough get going sailor 
Signs.
Jesus that guy's too damn much.
Hey buddy that boat still runs eh.
What're you askin' me for put 'em in the first helicopter comes in tomorrow.
What happened here.
Charlie.
I believe on your last job you executed a tax collector in Kontum is that right .
A habit of men of war sir you understand.
We will never 'evacuate' Captain this is our home. Indochina is ours; it has been so for a hundred and twenty-one years there is something to say for that.
What's your name sailor .
You smell that. You smell that.
Affirmative Big Duke Six We're even got some rockets left.
Captain B-L. Willard sir 4th Recon Group I carry priority papers from Com-Sec Intelligence 11 Corp I believe you understand the nature of my mission.
That village you're pointing at is kinda hairy.
Why did you come to my province.
Do you know me.
You've gone crazy.
What are you doing.
I had immense plans.
Yes
He was a remarkable man. It was impossible not to 
Are you finished surfing.
Which one's the Colonel's.
You're Australian.
Sounds like he's gone crazy.
Is that where he is. By the shrunken heads.
What will you do after the war.
What did you hear.
What if I say no.
That's 27 sir.
Where's your chief supply officer.
20  CONTINUED:
34  CONTINUED:
48  CONTINUED:
You should know something.
He's coming around fine.
I'll go into town with you.
He was sitting in a hot tub with a hooker.
It's exactly what you meant.
Maybe you should drive him into Devil's Cauldron let them decide what to do with him.
What's going on.
Surviving is what I know 
Damn lucky this storm didn't blow down when we were on those baldheaded mountains. It continues we better stay put.
Stay awake. You want to go hypothermic.
You got one.
It was blown up with the plane.
Don't judge me. You're a joke coming here from a fucked-up culture telling us what to do.
Look down there tell me what any of this matters. Struggles of men get swallowed by the bigness. Soon there won't be a trace of our troubles or us.
I don't want to hurt you Sam.
Pretty clever: If the trappers got that signal beacon and get here in time Sam's is the first place they'll look. They may figure you're waiting for an airplane so you can't stay in the shack by the airstrip. Last place they'd expect you is on the far side of town. I can't afford any trouble 
Mr. Desmond. Arthur Neff. Area rep for the Federal Assistance Plan. Tell the boys in DC to keep those goodies coming.
Bastards killed Sam you think they won't kill the rest of us.
Fuck you.
Dead. Trappers killed him.
It's a three-hour flight. They shoulda got there yesterday.
What you gonna do with it. Large bore's for shit on small game.
Thought that door was open last night
Meaning he'll need a plane.
He's good And I'm an expert on doctors.
Do you love me.
Not your name what are you telling me your name for. Where is he.
My wife is Melvin Udall's publisher. She says I have to take great care of this guy because you're urgently needed back at work. What work do you do.
Since forever.
Yes.
Fucking H.M.O. bastard piece of shit I'm sorry forgive me.
No.
How old are you.
I'm hungry. You've upset my whole day. I haven't eaten.
The doctors had your billing address. I'm sorry about the hour.
You waiting for me to say something. What sort of thing do you want. Look I'll be at the restaurant tomorrow.
Lovely.
No sir
Okay gotcha. What did you think I was going to ask.
Whether crabs are in season there now
I was going to do that for you.
No answer Maybe we should just drive there tomorrow. Can I have that one.
My son was outside playing soccer. I never saw him playing ball. Come on you guys take me out for a good time Take me out dancing.
Stop asking everyone.
Never.
I don't know why I brought you that idea occurred to me is all It came out first Hey you kiss him me He says he loves you. You two hit it off. But you don't want to fine Forget what I said about sex with Simon. It was a mistake.
I don't.
See. There's an example. I don't know whether you're being cute or crazy now.
What do you want Melvin.
Why. What have you been thinking about.
You're taking him yes you're taking him this will clear the books. One night. You want to say no to me. Try because I've never felt as nuts as I do right this second. I almost want you to try saying no.
What. Look at you You sense a mark.
Shall I get her for you.
Oh is he dead.
Nellie you're a disgrace to depression.
What are you talking about. You got real problems.
Good-bye. Well your luck is holding. They sublet your place. You're homeless. Frank's got a line on another place you can use for now.
Sorry didn't know you were awake. I just thought Verdell shouldn't get too used to sleeping in here 'cause then
It was better than this Look you I'm very intelligent. If you're going to give me advice or conversation or consolation or hope you got to be better than you're doing. If you can't be at least momentarily interesting than shut the hell up. I'm drowning and you're describing water.
Just a second he has to go.
What.
Uh Fontella's
Why. What happened.
You can't 
Oh. I got a question. Jesus this has been driving me crazy for years shit listen to me. I sound like some fucking fanboy. I'm sorry but I just got to ask you. Everybody talks about how you left the Agency and got into the business and then how you went after the Russian Nicholai Talinkov 
Tachlinkov.
Okay.
You understand what's going on. It makes sense right.
No. No. No. I don't believe it.
No no. I said the Hotel Paraiso.
Deadline.
Um five.
An assassin.
What does that mean.
So this is something between you and him.
Why.
Because he is trying to retire me.
Yes.
Forget it.
Don't tell me I don't have a choice.
I'm two seconds away from making my choice which means you've got two seconds to tell me why I shouldn't shoot you.
Then you can have the disks and I'll just walk out that door 
You don't know that you're trying to scare me.
Electra.
No. I graduated from George Washington University. Then I entered the Agency training program.
They didn't give you a choice did they.
Women. No not really.
Because I want to know.
Is that what you wanted to hear. Something cold blooded something remorseless
Do you have a passport.
I don't know.
But you've never figured out a way to win.
Breakfast.
I paid a lot for these.
He can't. The bank has an expensive security system; metal detectors and X-ray machines.
They're worth less points.
I didn't notice them.
Did he explain how this happened.
What happened to her.
Uh-huh.
That doesn't sound normal.
Was nice.
How much farther.
It's a common question.
Everyone who plays the game knows the rules.
Look at that. I haven't watched the sun set in a million years. Do you mind.
That's correct.
I'm sorry but I am waiting for an associate. Can you hold everything for me until he arrives.
What are you having.
You guys having a go a me or what.
Who's your friend.
Fifteen crowns.
Well it's like I said there's a ton of empty buildings around here and most of them were apparently given back to the city so they're not private. Now Jahn here is an drama student at the University. He knows of a building that they were going to turn into a puppet theatre - they even began work on it until they ran out of money.
That stinks.
Not bad hey I think I'll add Sparkie to my resume.Good shovel.
I'm making history Chris nothings going to stop me. There could be a knighthood for us in this once President Havel hears.
Well don't get carried away.
I'll try not to I'll leave that to you. Anyway there's still plenty more of it.
I'm an idiot.
None it's mine - you said it earlier I'm nuts.
Can you do the lock on it.
Not yet we need a few lengths of scaffold.
Why don't we just take the whole damn building brick by brick Doug.
You get the wine and I'll go see if I can rustle up some plastic cups.
Couldn't keep your hands off the hired help huh.
You capitalist pig.
I don't want to ruin your day.
They're good guys. Have you seen Holly.
Yeah. I tell you they're one big happy family over there.
So.
Well it seems they've dropped any charge relating to the files.
Did you see anything in the files.
What happened to those disks I gave you have you still got them.
No point it'll be in Czech and God knows what format. But if I'm right they could be my ticket out of here.
What do you want me to do.
42 56 76 Okay you wait at Dave's for my call tomorrow if you don't hear from me by three o'clock send that note and get out of the country fast.
Doug I can't just leave you.
If I cut a deal I'm not staying in this country and I want Holly to come with me. So if she doesn't come here today you're going to have to get her to me tomorrow; after I call promise.
What about me.
It was a condition of getting Doug out.
No by road.
I don't know what it is with you bloody hooligans. Not content with causing trouble back home YOU idiots have to go off and wreak havoc throughout the whole of Europe. And when finally the police do catch up with you you expect us to wave a magic wand and get you out well not this time I'm sorry.
I'd like to talk with you about doing some performance poetry here.A weekly thing.
We should be done by the weekend.
I don't want to get in trouble.
I hope you're going to invite me in.
She's tired.
No I am an actor not a labourer I am just warning you that's all.
Great. And your all set for the performance.
I don't know - maybe they are talking about it now. Mr Vitovetch is a good friend of the Judge.
I'll put one on the notice-board too.
A champion of lost causes huh.
It's all my fault I'm so sorry Doug.
Why don't we both forget about him.
And you broke into that room.
Enjoying our hospitality.
Give me a break will you. How often do I ask you for something.
Great let's break for lunch and I'll buy you a beer on the way.
I decided to help out at the Asylum.
Josh.
Shall I look after the rest.
All the more reason to eliminate him.
Pictures from the play. Jamie looks pretty 
You're fine like that Mom.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Everything's being done but it's not enough. I have to find something more.
Where is he. He's supposed to be here.
I'm thinking.
Don't call him a dipshit.
She's like some Puritan.
 This your idea of small talk.
You're like this fly buzzing buzzing everywhere 
I know you don't want help.
28 is do something illegal. 42 is befriend an enemy.
It's private.
Cuz it's dark and quiet and you can see into another world.
But there are thousands of them made of floating ice 
Maybe debris from a moon that broke apart.
Do you believe you'll see your mother again.
The dirty snowball at its core.
Like in a church painting. I see this giant hovering over the ground. He's wearing a robe and has long flowing hair and he's pointing his finger at something.
You don't believe in anything.
That's it. Exactly. You're reading my mind 
You were great the other night.
Maybe you inspire me.
Why not.
It's only 7:30.
You're acting like a crazy person.
How do you know this place.
You planned this 
I made you do too many things kept you up all night 
Whatever you need. Whatever Jamie needs. I'm here. I could start by driving her to school 
How you doing.
I saw the way he looked at you. The way he kissed you.
Jamie you're not mad at me. You're mad at Landon 
So talk to us about something.
How about your family.
You know about this stuff.
For Jefferson High. For books.
It's mine to give. I didn't steal it.
Morning Dick.
What's N.R.C.
Oh yeah.
Then you'll be going to school here.
I think I know exactly what you mean.
Now George. Dinner's ready now.
Eileen Chinese food again.
Learn anything.
No Chinese food is fine.
But I've never picked a fight in my entire life.
Why what.
Good evening one said. Agents Reese  and Foley from the Nuclear Regulatory Commition. Mind stepping over here.
The power of a million hydrogen bombs. and we get twenty four measly volts. It's not fair. I've been working on this power converter since 1949 and you'd think in all that time I could find the right chemicals that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy. But no. Thirty three years of dedication and research and all I've got to show for it is a bootleg video operation.
Exactly two minutes difference and it's still ticking.
The future Marty the future is everything. I built this machine to see the future. So I am going to send Shemp twenty-four hours into the future. You can assist me if you like.
On second thought there may be some things you'll have to tell me.
Well Professor are you sure you want me to tell you. You know changing the course of history and all.
Professor. Well not exactly Professor. You see we don't point it at the sun.
You answered the door.
I know.
But why. Why would she do that. She's supposed to marry the guy.
You didn't.
Now who's being stupid. The guy who runs this place.
No self confidence I guess At least you don't take after him.
Can you imagine your parents in bed together.
How you doing Cato.
Sure is pretty.
You love him.
That's my father. I got to run.
Well that I shouldn't be seen with anybody that collects garbage.
Hi.
You want to go for a ride.
Anybody ever call you Red.
What a nice place.
Is that all there is to it.
But it would hurt.
Yeah.
Yeah you look tired Listen honey. when all this is over I'm going to sit down and buy you a big thick steak.
Yes.
Well maybe the slope here is throwing it off some. We ought to find a more flat place.
You smoke Pall Mall.
Yes.
You mean the guy from the old wine commercials.
She gotta be kiddin' right. Vaporize the whole damn planet.
Arachtoids. From Planet Ten.
Everybody ready. How do we look. Do we look okay.
Hey any lock can be picked. So what's he up to.
Dead. Damnit.
It's Whorfin Buckaroo. Line 3.
I lack the authority Buckaroo Banzai.
And there's a two-hundred-dollar deductible we have to eat on that crack in her windshield.
Nobody's a nobody. Why're you crying. What's wrong.
Go away. Let me rot.
Was she pretty.
Wyoming. Not Cody by any chance.
Another 'you'.
Hanoi Shan. The guy in your comic books. Boss of the World Crime League. Supreme Commander of the Legion of Death. The Pivot of Mystery himself. You're putting me on. He's a cartoon character.
Please Penny. You just gotta trust me now. Okay. And don't panic. Because it's gonna be all right.
World Watch One. Direct incoming transmission.
What's happening with my call to SAC.
Pick those up Reno.
Is uh Is he okay.
I am sorry it's so embarassing.
Pick it up Pick it up. Pick it-
Well I have to come up with – an outline I'd guess you call it. The story. The whole goddamn story. Soup to nuts. Three acts. The whole goddamn-
Barton I'm afraid it's not a good time-
Chet.
Ever talk to him.
W.P. Mayhew. The writer.
No son thisahere moonshine's got nothin' to do with shuttin' folks out. No I'm usin' it to build somethin'.
Well I
Are you deaf he LIKES you. He's taken an interest. What the hell did you say to him.
I'm not sure anymore. I guess I try to make a difference.
No what did it say.
That's fine.
No I'm actually writing for the pictures now –
My folks live in Brooklyn with my uncle.
What's the expression – me myself and I.
I hope these are your shoes.
Jesus what a day. Felt like I couldn't've sold ice water in the Sahara. Jesus. Okay so you don't want insurance so okay that's your loss. But God people can be rude. Feel like I have to talk to a normal person like just to restore a little of my
You're leaving.
What do you mean.
Can I come in.
Get a grip on yourself brother. Whatever the problem is we'll sort it out.
I believe you brother but this don't look good.
To be honest I don't go to the pictures much Mr. Lipnik –
Great. He's poor this wrestler. He's had to struggle.
I apologize Barton.
I gotta tell you Fink. It won't wash.
I don't know I mean I'll be here uh indefinitely.
Yeah he he lives next door to me.
Tell us where the heads are maybe they'll go easy on you.
He teach you to do it.
Yes.
What was she like.
She knows stuff about me that only you know.
She must really be something. From a clinical point of view.
Were you with him last night.
Did you leave the club with him.
No. We had a drink at the club. We left together. I came here. He went home.
I don't smoke.
Yes. She's helped me understand homicidal impulse.
What happened Nick. Did you get sucked into it. Did you like it too much.
Do you think I told her to kill You.
No.
You like to hang out with murderers or what. Did you know Roxy 
I'm very good at research. I'll help you.
Why not.
Did you ever engage in sado- masochistic activity with him.
In the beginning. Then I got to like what he did for me.
Yeah he said it was routine too. Now it's two guys saying it's routine.
Nope. She did. Like I say. It never panned.
Before your time pop. Mid-sixties. Five or six hits. He's got a club down in the Fillmore now.
Was she ever suspect.
What is it you got between you.
Forgive me for askin' son and I don't mean to belabor the obvious but why is it that you've got your head so far up your own ass.
Everybody that she plays with dies.
What in the hell for. You think I'm gettin' any at my age. I don't like blue-haired women. I don't like 'em.
I'm not afraid of her.
You're already gettin' psychological input son.
What now what. Now nothing. She passed the polygraph. That's it.
Her parents died in an accident. I don't care what else she's written. What are you a book critic.
How did they die. Was there an investigation.
She killed him.
He died about five or six years ago.
My name is Jean Michel Basquiat. Have you heard of me.
This is painted on a backdrop from the Kabuki theater in Japan. I painted it after Joseph Beuys died. A rebirth painting. I felt like he could've painted it or maybe someone else was painting it instead of me. The Chinese calligraphers used to change their name mid-career so they could start over as someone else.
Do you ever get sick of it.
Yeah Like – stupid ridiculous crummy art.
What's with the wigs.
I wanted to make a few more of these. Frank's been drinking this Mexican beer. It makes a good green.
Gee. You shouldn't take it so seriously Jean. That's why you can't stop taking drugs. You always think people don't like you. Everyone likes you.
After the show we should take a nice long vacation. Maybe go to Hawaii. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm going to give up painting and start playing music again. I wanna sing.
Is Jean Michel here.
You name it I paint there.
Well I don't want to get mugged on a Bowery street corner. Maybe I could find a place for you to work. Take my card.
 Can you decipher this for us.
Where. Do you ask Miles where he got that note from. Where do you take your words from. Everywhere.
A primate.
Yes yes Let's talk about that. your roots Your father is from Haiti isn't he.
Who said that.
Out.
What're you doing. You're doing something.
I ain't John Henry.
I don't really have any problems.
Drugs
You do. You definitely do.
C'mon baby I painted them for you. They're beautiful now.
What who's saying.
 What's the matter.
Baby I think about you a lot. I'm really sorry about everything. You have to believe me. I'm serious. I wish y'know that we were –
I'll take three big Macs two chocolate shakes two orders of fries and an apple pie.
What's your name man.
You're a fast mover.
You see. You have someone to live for.
Fuck band practice If you're gonna be a painter you're gonna have to break a few hearts – you don't wanna be like Tony Bennett.
So what.
Uh-oh.
Mr. Wayne Something wrong.
Where's the fire.
A kiss under the misteltoe. Mistletoe can be deadly if you eat it 
I tried to grab you save you 
I think you're jealous that I'm a genuine freak and you have to wear a mask.
You mean mistook <u>me</u>.
Didn't I say that.
I don't see how Anyway it's a treat to find you out in the world away from Ebeneezer Shreck.
I ah never fool around on the first date.
If my life has had any meaning that's the meaning.
Course you're feeling fine You almost made a monster the Mayor of Gotham City.
Let's consummate our fiendish union.
I it was terrible I leaned over and accidentally knocked her out 
Ten nine
Don't look Oswald. It's a surprise.
Oswald: We need one more thing.
Working late. I'm touched.
Big giant <u>capacitor</u>. And that instead of generating power it'll sort of be  <u>sucking</u> power from Gotham City and storing it stockpiling it sort of. Which unless I'm being dense is a novel approach I'd say.
I'm no cat. I'm just an assistant. A <u>secretary</u> 
In spirit only I'm afraid.
Well I hope you'll stay with us.
But I can't can I.
Pamela Isley. I was so attracted to her I couldn't reason clearly. I still can't. She used to work for Wayne Enterprises. Find a file.
Alfred are you.
Street racing isn't exactly an acceptable major at Oxbridge. They kicked me out. it doesn't matter. I've won enough money to do what I've always dreamed.
Servants Masters it's ridiculous. Alfred is the sweetest most noble man alive and he's subjugated all his life and dreams to someone else.
Youwsa. Nothing but air.
Damn. Damn is not good.
Nice suit. And today you are.
I was just hanging around.
Watch the first step.
You think Freeze will take the bait.
We gotta get those locks changed.
I guess we'll just have to kill her.
Winded old timer.
Forget the stars. Look here at the Earth our mother our womb. She deserves our loyalty and protection. And yet you spoil her lands poison her oceans blacken her skies. You're killing her.
I can't. But perhaps tonight over dinnerI've just had an opening.
Umm. What I mean isno plans at the moment
What.
Yes. But Alfred's condition is less severe. Freeze's research says he cured a case like Alfred's. It just doesn't say how.
One question. When Batgirl and I rolled off the telescope how come you didn't try and save us. It was the first time I fell and you weren't there to catch me.
There was nothing I could do. Batman deactivated her. She's dead.
You will distract the bat and bird while I prepare to freeze Gotham.
I'm glad you came. I can't breathe without you.
Tell me and I'll kiss you.
Gee I'm not sure. Alfred. How many rooms. Total.
He ran away.
What.
Up here Al.
_Two_ million dollars waiting to be transferred from the _Second_ Bank of Gotham on the _22nd_ How could Harvey. _Two_-Face resist.
What's wrong.
I'm gonna need that hand back Ed.
She's a Malaysian dream warden. She stands sentry while you sleep and calms your dreams. Need one.
But I'm going to have to get you out of those clothes.
If I didn't know better I'd say you were sulking.
You can't-.
It's Dr. Meridian. Chase. Do you remember me.
How could I forget.
I really do apologize Mr. Wayne. His project was terminated this morning
You _are_ Two-Face you would need to face both rivers both uptown and downtown simultaneously. Only one spot in Gotham serves these bi- zonal bi-coastal needs
Why do we need you. You only come between us. We can be the smartest person in Gotham City. We want the empire for ourselves. Time's up laughing boy.
B-12.
I'd say about thirty feet sir.
Where's the boy.
Gosh I could kill you but then you'd miss my party. And you Batman you're the guest of honor.
What about the girl.
It doesn't protect your head though.
I can't do that. Not while the Joker's still at large.
Tell me Knox. If you've got the story why haven't you printed it.
Yes Bruce I'm here 
I'm sorry I had to stand you up today. I'd like to make it up to you.
All this apparatus Vicki This house and the money and the power It was never mine. It was something I inherited. Bruce Wayne was something I inherited. All I ever hoped for was someone who could see through Bruce who could see me and not be frightened.
He'll be ready when you do. Remember what happened at the apartment.
I missed you Lieutenant.
Ten million dollars. Ten mi YOU CHEAPSKATES. I've just wiped out the stock market. I've cost you billions. I want ten million and one.
And you want a 
How'd you know it was me.
Our next D.A. I hear Bruce Wayne is throwing a fundraiser. Did you get your invitation yet.
What were you thinking.
Not what.
And they asked me if we'd like to you know put him up for a while.
Hi. Roses.
Annie it's me.
Goodnight Annie.
Big day today huh. 78
Ahm.
It wasn't a dream was it. I have to go in to work and tell them Whistler's Mother now looks like Danny De Vito.
It's very good Bernie.
Everything okay David.
Look at all this - publicity expenditure catering all completely fictional back as far as June 93 
What a pleasure Governor Reynolds. I'd like you to meet some of our staff here. .
Thank you sir. Although I'm afraid I don't quite see how we can 
Glad to hear it. Tell poor Mr Larson to come through will you.
Honey calm down now it's okay
As you can see security's pretty tight in this section. Nobody gets past Elmer here. Isn't that right.
They're pretty. Learn it in the army.
Doctor Jacobson.
Yes.
We need you urgently in C Theatre.
Damn. I was just going to Number 4 .
Hi Grierson forgive the war paint. Going on To my regiment/s reunion after.
Come on Sting.
Yeah but check it out. It's gone.
Whoa check it out Beavis. I didn't know Anderson had a Camper.
Uh Buuuuut. Boot. Someone named boot.
Beavis. This is what it's all about.
Huh huh huh. That chick was talking about doing it.
Beavis huh huh what'er you doing.
Ow. I'll kick your butt.
Hey Butt-Head isn't there supposed to be like water in cactuses.
Hey Butt-Head I'm starting to feel weird. I think I'm freaking out.
Yeah heh heh. Boooooiiiing
Just make sure it looks like an accident
Oh yeah. Can you just take us to Washington. We're gonna meet her there and you know heh heh hmmm
Uh No I poop too much. Then I get tired.
What the hell. Bork. That bus we picked up. Where was it headin'.
Say chief isn't that guy whose camperI mean off in whose
Well Earl said you guys were young but jeez Oh well as long as you can get the job done. So what are your names.
She's holed up in a hotel room in Las Veags. Your flight leaves in a couple of hours. Now c'mon I'll drive you to the airport.
Uh huh huh this fat dude. He said we could do you. And he was gonna pay us.
Uh ten uh
We're rich in what really matters.
I know I just wish she'd leave us alone.
I guess if I'm going to be dead I'll just have to be the best dead person ever.
She's got <u>photos</u> Barbara.
Go ahead third time's a charm.
What happened.
I guess we open it.
You Maitlands are the backbone of the afterlife. So what's my cut.
Are you available.
Hell is other people. You obviously don't read much. Besides things seem pretty quiet here. You should thank God you didn't die in Italy. The Deetzes. Okay. Have you been studying the manual.
Are you Juno our case worker.
He's a freelance bio-exorcist. Claims to get rid of the living. But he's a troublemaker. He's pushy. He's been sleazing around that cemetery for 500 years.
If I had seen a ghost at your age I would have been frightened out of my wits.
Oh honey I didn't mean anything it's just too big for you two. I know these things.
Mr. and Mrs. Maitland. I've come for the last time. Where are you. Barb
I I don't know what your name is.
Your name is <u>Beetle Juice</u>. Yecch. That's as bad as <u>Deee</u>lia <u>Deee</u>tz.
It's <u>Otho</u>.
Skeleton keys never work. Anyway this can wait. We'll get a crowbar later. Your mother
Just a minute Maxie. Somebody
We'll be <u>the</u> art center of summer New York. I'll teach those phony gallery creeps to refuse my sculpture. And when Otho and I get through with this house you people are not going to recognize it.
Lydia tried to play a most amusing joke on me this afternoon.
<u>I know</u> I read your book <u>The</u> <u>Haunted Tapestries of the Waldorf</u>.
What's happening to them.
Otho that's terrible.
All presences have a home space. A place where they live so to speak. Where do they hide out.
The injection will ease the pain and swelling Mr. Gardiner.
Just to take the proper precautions Mr. Gardiner I'd recommend we take you downstairs and X-ray your leg.  By the way Mr. Gardiner I would like to ask you something straight out.
No Robert.
I know exactly what you mean. Today the businessman is at the mercy of kid-lawyers from the SEC. All they want to do is regulate our natural growth. It's happening across the country.
 No of course you don't. Excuse me for being so presumptuous. No man knows everything about another man - however very few are honest enough to admit it.
He's very intense and internal don't you think.
 And he told us that he had been living there since he was a child working as a gardener. He showed us a room in the garage where he said he stayed and I Well I didn't really believe him of course - but why the act.
Your family doctor.
Oh Mr. Gardiner Mr. Chauncey Gardiner You're not related to Basil and Perdita Gardiner are you.
No Eve. I'm not related to Basil and Perdita.
Chauncey I wanted to tell you how dreadful I feel about the accident today but that I'm delighted that you are staying with us.
Hello Eve.
I see.
Yes. I like to watch.
Oh Chauncey darling Where have you been. We thought we'd lost you - we've been looking all over.
The President is a nice person. I enjoyed it very much.
I see. Then one more quick question Mr. Gardiner; since we at the Post would like to uh - update our profile on you - what exactly is your business.
Do you like it.
Failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells Not a damn thing they can do about it. Oh they can make me comfortable prolong my life with steroid therapy and transfusions And what makes my blood boil what little I have left that is Mr. Gardiner - is that it's generally a young person's disease Here I am getting on in years and about to die of a young person's disease
You're looking much better today Ben.
Well if that's what you want then I want it too. We can go this way.
Yes.
Hello Ronald.
Of course who can nowadays. I have trouble writing a post card to my children. Look we could give you a six figure advance provide you with the very best ghostwriter research assistants proof readers
Of course not. No one has the time to read. One glances at things watches television
Sure you do. No one reads. Listen book publishing isn't exactly a bed of roses these days
Your appearance doesn't suggest that at all Mr. Chance.
Might you have a birth certificate Mr. Chance.
Yes sir I guess that's true smallest room in the house.
 Hmmm Elevator.
He's dead Chance. The Old Man's dead.
 I see.
Well ain't that the truth
Yes.
Yes. That is surprising.
Yes.
Well let me rephrase the question; the President compared the economy of this country to a garden and stated that after a period of decline a time of growth would naturally follow. Do you go along with this belief.
Hello Thomas I'm Chance the gardener.
 We're with Franklin Jennings and Roberts the law firm handling the estate.
Your lunch. You have a luncheon appointment here.
1952.
Mr. Chance assuming what you say is the truth I would like to know what sort of claim you are planning to make against the deceased's estate.
Correct.
 In the garden.
 You will honor me and my family with a visit won't you.
No it's been a good day - better than yours from what I've been told.
Yes ma'am.
Oh no sweetheart - it's not you
Good night.
Sorry Comrade Ambassador.
Yes Mr. President we attempted to contact Mr. Rand but he was too ill to
Oh. What.
Good. Anything else.
That could be possible
John. Great to see you. Sorry about the cunt at reception.
Say aren't you that actor guy.
The one where you're that jewel thief.
Exactly that. We can put you inside someone else's body for fifteen minutes.
Gotta run. Shipment of grub worms coming in first thing.
Enjoy.
We've been over this. Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate.
Why Craig. why.
We have to make it an early night.
Right.
So how was it. What was he doing.
And he was with her.
Yeah well welcome to the nineties.
Suck my dick.
I'm sorry. Oh God I'm sorry. I'm some kind of monster. I'm the guy you read about in the paper and go he's some kind of monster.
Oh right. As long as you're happy. I'm sure he's a better lover than I ever was.
You saw it once. Now you see it again. That's life isn't it. And you were up here to try the same thing weren't you.
Schwartz.
Thank you for being kind enough to lie. You see I've been very lonely in my isolated tower of indecipherable speech. You're hired. Any questions.
Imagine a room full of women. Nubile blonde wet with desire Schwartz. A harem if you will. Me in leather. A harness if you like. I am the object of this desire and all eyes are on me as I speak. “Ladies” I begin. “I am the love god Eros. I intoxicate you. My spunk is to you manna from heaven
Ah. yes the little door. There is a short film on the little door in the orientation room in exactly two minutes. If you hurry you'll just make it.
Well truth is for suckers isn't it.
Listen. I'm Craig Schwartz just starting out at LesterCorp.
This is important.
This is amazing. We're gonna be rich.
You're glowing again.
Let him try.
And as I said sir we can't very well exert physical persuasion upon the sacred vessel Malkovich.
A scary dream.
Well if Mantini wins Schwartz will leave Malkovich right. So if he needs it I help Mantini's performance a bit give him an edge. Spice up the show.
I'm sure you're not going crazy.
I don't know anything about her. What if she's some sort of witch or something.
That bastard. I'll gladly dispose of him in the name of the order Son of Malkovich.
Maxine. Listen: It hasn't been me in John the last three times. Craig's had me locked up in the apartment. He made me call you at gunpoint. It's been him. Oh God it's been him.
Did you see the reviews.
Can I get you a drink.
You see Maxine it isn't just playing with dolls.
Well we'll have all the money in Malkovich's bank account plus he still gets acting work occasionally.
Oh darling. It's a dream come true. We're going to ride this straight to the top.
What want ye girl child.
I see. Well it is not my fault that thou art tiny. So if it is charity yer after then be gone with ye ye foul demon.
Why you never go back to Lady Jone's and learn your letters. You liked going there I remember. Seeing the other children. Then all a sudden you stop.
You got to go sometime. You got to go out there by yourself sometime.
The Word. What you was put here to speak.
Not like He punished me.
.I swallowed her blood right along with my mother's milk. She played with me and always came to be with me whenever I needed her. Me and her waited for our daddy. I love her. I do. She never hurt me. I love my mother but I know she killed one of her own and tender as she is with me I'm scared of her because of it. All the time I'm afraid the thing that happened that made it all right to kill her own could happen again. Whatever it is it comes from outside this house outside the yard. So I never leave this house and I watch over the yard so it can't happen again I have to keep it away from my sisterI'll protect Beloved'Cause She's mine
Beloved.She's mine    I am Beloved
YES. I WAS ON THE OTHER SIDE.
I had another dream last night. The dead man laying on top of me and I had nothing to eat. And the ghosts without skin stuck their fingers in me and said Beloved in the dark and bitch in the light.
Fine. But what would I do at night.
No. I mean work work.
DON'T LOVE HER TOO MUCH.
Morning.
Nobody.no sir.that's right.nobody's going be doing that.nobody going be writing my daughter's characteristics on the animal side.no sir.I don't care.ain't laying that down.no sir. I refuse.that's right.that's right
Nonono.
Ain't no new Negroes in this town I don't know about. What she look like. You sure that wasn't Denver.
You know he's colored. What else there to know.
Well who can tell what went on in there. I never even knew who Sethe was or none of her people.
Till she showed herself.
He knew Baby Suggs.
But you didn't come here talking 'bout Paul. You came asking about a new girl.
For what.
You remember your price Stamp.
Never found out.
I did. Down to the cent.$900. Always wondered though what Mrs. Garner got for my brother Paul F. Must of been more than nine hundred dollars cause she use that money for Sweet Home for almost two years. But then they hung my other brother Paul A. up on a tree so I guess he wasn't worth the same.I wonder what was Baby Suggs worth. And Halle. I wasn't surprised when I found out they tracked down Sethe all the way to Cincinatti. Her price must have been higher than all of us - her being property that reproduced itself without cost. A breeder.
They'll know. They'll know as soon as they born. Cause it's inside usStamp. It'll be inside them. We'll pass it down. Schoolteacher didn't just change the outside he changed the mind.and the blood.and what it carriesand what it's worth.
Don't know. Just shot up one day from a stump.
Dude uh tomorrow is already the tenth.
Yeah.
We've had some terrible news. Mr. Lebowski is in seclusion in the West Wing.
Uh-huh.
Her life is in your hands.
A dick man. And let me tell you something: I dig your work. Playing one side against the otherin bed with everybodyfabulous stuff man.
He peed on the Dude's rug
Shut the fuck up Donny. V.I. Lenin. Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov.
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
How come you don't roll on Saturday Walter.
Who has your undies Walter.
Uh-huh.
What do you need that for Dude.
Who's in pyjamas Walter.
So he says My son can't hold a job my daughter's married to a fuckin' loser and I got a rash on my ass so bad I can't hardly siddown. But you know me. I can't complain.
That's a Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Business Achiever award which is givennot necessarily given every year. Given only when there's a worthy somebody especially
I guess he's pretty uh racially pretty cool
Thanks GaryTake care man I gotta get back.
People forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone
Uh-huh. Well I still jerk off manually.
Does the Pope shit in the woods.
Irish mWhat the fuck are you talking about. My name's Da Fino. I'm a private snoop. Like you man.
Hello gentlemen. You are the bereaved.
I uh money yeah I gotta respecfully 69 you know tender my resignation on that matter 'cause it looks like your mother really was kidnapped after all.
She most certainly was not.
Hey man why don't you fucking listen occasionally. You might learn something. Now I got
Is he pretending to be the abductor.
Tell me a little about yourself Jeffrey.
And thenlet's see I uhmusic business briefly.
Uh-huh.
This Chinaman who peed on my rug I can't go give him a bill so what the fuck are you talking about.
Huh.
Huh. OhCynthia's Pomeranian. Can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
You know Dude I myself dabbled with pacifism at one point. Not in Nam of course
Those rich fucks. This whole fucking thing I did not watch my buddies die face down in the muck so that this fucking strumpet
Walter face it there isn't any connection. It's your roll.
It's your roll
My dirty undies. Laundry Dude. The whites.
Yes you're wrong. This isn't a fucking game Walter
Yeah. So as long as we get her back nobody's in a position to complain. And we keep the baksheesh.
Huh.
I'm throwing the money Walter. We're not fucking around.
Walter
Hmm. Well we were in a handicapped spot. It uh it was probably towed.
They're gonna kill her Walter and then they're gonna kill me
That makes me feel all warm inside.
They're nihilists.
They kept saying they believe in nothing.
He lives in North Hollywood on Radford near the In-and-Out Burger
All but one man died. There at Bitter Creek.
Dude.
Huh.
You know this.
Shit Dude I didn't know. I wouldn't've done it if I knew he was a fucking crybaby.
What about that shit about Vietnam.
So no funny stuff. Okay.
Employed.
Ithe royal we you know the editorialI dropped off the money exactly as perLook I've got certain information certain things have come to light and uh has it ever occurred to you man that given the nature of all this new shit that uh instead of running around blaming me that this whole thing might just be not you know not just such a simple but uhyou know.
Wellyeah.
Two years.
how long since he was bitten.
From the surveillance footage in the bloodbank. He was one of the guard's Nomak attacked.
Thank you.
It doesn't have to be like that. We don't have to be enemies.
It means bloodbrother.
Sounds like a plan.
So.
It has been said you may have enemies whom you hate but not enemies whom you despise. Be proud of your enemy: then his success shall be yours too. In that regard I should thank you.
You want me to hunt them for you.
What the fuck you doing.
An inevitability I suppose. Nyssa was not among them I trust.
Not that I'm in contact with.
No  Does that mean I can't be a donor.
Pretty.
Don't try to talk 
Beautiful day isn't it.
Maybe I don't see it that way.
I didn't come here to get my palms read. I need something translated.
The Day Walker's blood is a disparador a trigger you see. For LaMagra's return. One need only consume it and the spirit of his ancestors will settle upon him. And the Sleeper will rise from the shadows anew cleansing the world in a Tide of Blood.
There is no cure.
Graffiti 
How can you tell.
So many of them I still can't believe they're real.
How could you be a part of this.
I wish you could see the world as I do. Deacon opened my eyes. There's no turning back from that.
This isn't human blood.
What.
Tell me something honestly you ever have second thoughts about us.
He killed them.
Don't knowjust that she was afraid
Not that I can see.
What're you doing there.
Druid Hill Park.
Jesus.
You sure.
<u>whoever</u>they built an entire house <u>around</u> a <u>tree</u>. Sticking up right through the living room. Somebody like to explain that to me.
Like how weirded-out you are with this pregnancy thing.
You feel no need to get married or anything.
Anna
I don't know. Nightmare.
or someone
I want to see the tapes.
Nothing. I dunno
Just now.
How'd you know they were
hunch. Just sort've saw 'em there.
thank you Heather Arendtand arend't we glad you're herea real witch
Never would've guessed.
What I never could figure about the movie.
I look and look in the tree all I ever see he's always there watching that stupid owl over and over
hell I don't think I'm ever leaving this place again
Graduate Thesis
I'm not finished.
This isn't about us.
Either way maybe there's a book in it and they both make a ton of money.
Okay but
No problem just give us 'til dawn and we're gone.
403 41st Street kids: home.
Let's get inside.
Sorry I didn't think we were making that much noise.
Just hold on.
The four of you really have too much spare fucking time on your hands don't you.
Women miscarry all the
What's that.
What is it you thought you saw on that tape.
You gonna be alright.
She <u>wasn't</u> a witch.
Finally got her back to sleep.
a <u>lot</u>.
What.
I should check on Anna.
Yes.
Something happened with Marty and Ray
What. Did Ray tell you that.
Yeah.
Uh-huh. So how do you know it was a he.
Well I'll be damned.
Yeah. What happened.
Except when he doesn't say things they're usually nasty.
I didn't think I could sleep. I'm surprised you could. Are you all right.
I just wanted to let you know that everything was all right. I took care of everything. Now all we have to do is keep our heads.
What's going on with you two.
Where is everything.
See I never knew that.
Well now you do.
You know that car.
What did you take these for.
If the pay's right I'll do it.
Count it if you want.
Yeah I know. Pour 'em short.
Has Ray come in yet.
How would I know.
I sent a trunk home yesterday. This is all I have.
Will you tell Mom when she gets home from the hospital that I've gone to dinner at Sandy Williams' house.
Well I haven't seen any. I wouldn't worry about it. Look. I better go.
Hey I brought some friends. and some beer.
Jeffrey.
Yes.
No. not at all.
For now. Alright. you better be. And Sandy better not be involved with this I can tell you. Be prepared to come in for further interrogation on this later.
Hey. Tits. I'm taking your neighbor to the country. maybe something for you too.
Tell me what you saw tonight. TELL ME.
The phone. What did you hear on the phone . Tell me. Word for word.
Then you got undressed.
No.
Yes I like you.
Falling.
Who are you. Maybe I'll need to. you like me huh.
No. I should go.
Frank is coming.
Do you love me.
There's no disease I can tell you.
Men are crazy. then they put their craziness into me. then it makes me crazy. then they aren't so crazy for awhile. then they put their craziness in me again. . it's burning me. but I love you. I do I do. Did you know that. Did you know that I love you.
Hey. . You like to walk.
Right here Frank. You want me to pour it.
Yes.
Were all these people questioned this afternoon.
Did they find out anything when they questioned her.
Yeah I guess so. What are you going to do now that you're home.
You hungry or thirsty or both.
It wouldn't hurt to hear the plan I guess.
Oh bother. Dorothy Vallens Seventh Floor. Look on the mailbox for her number bright boy.
It'll be okay. I don't think you should wait out here though. I think you should go home. Can you drive this car.
Could you wait a little while. this key may not fit.
Look. it can wait till Sunday.
Yeah.
That doesn't bother you does it.
Shoot.
Number one. I saw the Yellow Man go into Frank's building laughing with Frank. Now. the only trouble is. what does this prove.
Yeah.
What was that all about.
Really. you want to dance with someone else.
No.
Dorothy Vallens.
Look Jeffrey.
uh uh.
Jeffrey when you see your father.
Is something wrong. What's happened to your face.
Looks like you'd make a good runner.
He comes over to study.
Sure thing. please don't worry about me. Can I help you with the dishes.
Hey come here you stole my girl you bastard. I'm gonna kick your ass right in front of your stupid house.
Nice first impression. A nose bleed in front of your parents.
Two years. George I can't wait that long.
Mr. Jung don't you have an agreement or understanding with the United States Government in connection with your testimony in this case.
What details. I put the coke in the false bottoms and take it through customs.
Whose cloths. Your clothes.
I would like to know the contents. Every detail is important.
The coca is my responsibility.
Here's the best part. We can charge five-hundred a pound.
It's nothing personal George. Just business.
I would if I could get some sleep.
No my brother.
What type of planes do you have.
We'll refuel in the Bahamas. I know someone there.
Diego. It's George.
But you must. It's the only way.
Jesus Christ Diego where are you. It's been eleven days and these guys want their fucking money.
Yeah. Keep my mouth shut and let you do the talking.
Estoy bien okay. Everything is alright. There's no problem. Okay. This never happened. No one has to know anything about this. Diego I want you to calmly tell them where the fucking coke is. Do it now.
Of course we are brothers. Why do you say that.  You hurt me George.
In how long. A week.
Yeah layaway.
G-d son.
Mirtha comes from a very wealthy family.
Yeah. Nice.
But never mind. I am thinking we can do much together. This problem with Diego the stolen car the jail is very silly business. To release him from the carcel it causes me much inconvenience. The fifty kilos could have been a big problem. And I don't like problems.
Yes. Money. Which is what George.
Please. Sit down. We'll drink some scotch.
Yeah Dad. I really did. What am I gonna do.
You mad at me.
What do you guys want.
You hear about your old friend Diego.
Figured it out.
Hello.
Why are you smiling.
You better know what you're doing George. You're playing with fire.
No. These are her first steps. Watch her.
Please Mirtha. I'll start working for Augusto. I'll talk to him tonight. I'll do something.
You knew I was seeing Kristina right.
Yeah. She told me. You walk her to school.
Everything's gonna be okay sweetheart. Don't be upset.
You know I can't. Mom will never let me go.
You let me take care of your mother. You just pack your bags.
But I have a visitor.
G-d I'm stoned. I'm stoned. I'm really
It's not enough.
No shit Kevin.
Twenty forty sixty eighty nine. Twenty forty sixty eighty a thousand. It's all there. Wow. A hundred and twenty-eight thousand dollars.
The strike is a success; but 
The questions have already been asked. I would only like some precise answers that's all 
Let's try to be precise then. The word torture does not appear in our orders. We have always spoken of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation directed against unknown enemies. As for the NLF they request that their members in the event of capture should maintain silence for twenty-four hours and then they may talk. Thus the organization has already had the time necessary to render useless any information furnished What type of interrogation should we choose. the one the courts use for a crime of homicide which drags on for months.
Go ahead. C'mon Repeat everything from the beginning and then we'll let you go. Name 
Let's suppose you were a spy. In prison when the NLF contacts you you pretend to support the revolution and then the French help you to escape 
I don't do that kind of thing.
Yes but we must also show them that we still exist.
Read it.
Where's Kader.
With the others. They are trying to stop the people.
No 
Good evening Can we pass.
But it's not even midnight yet.
Who is speaking.
So what good is it to us if it's been erased.
Marsh's Cardiologist told me that after Marsh was diagnosed with heart disease he quit smoking quit drinking and started exercising every day. Does that sound like a guy who'd start shoveling cocaine up his nose.
That's what my report will read.
What induced it.
Yes.
Increase his heart rate.
 And if he were in the midst of making love while under the influence of cocaine.
It would be an added stress to his heart.
Objection sustained.
Because she's clever. Because she knows that even if we didn't find it we'd have suspicions as to why a man in Marsh's condition would use cocaine.
The M.E.'s report stated that Marsh's nasal membranes showed no sign of prior cocaine use. Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning. We would have looked for motive and the trail would have still led back to her.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Objection. Mr. Roston's sexual preferences are not at issue in this trial.
Objection. May I remind Mr. Dulaney that the person on trial here is Miss Lawson not Dr. Paley.
Can I go.
I have.
I opened the bathroom door one day and saw Miss Lawson pouring Cocaine out of a vial.
About a year and half ago.
How would you describe your sex life with Miss Lawson.
She didn't. She just left.
Where did you meet Miss Lawson.
Yes.
Don't you see what she's doing. She needs you to kill me. She's planned it that way from the start. That's why she phoned me tonight.
Did Mr. Marsh ever tell you that he had spoken to Miss Lawson about his illness.
Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh inside during his examinations.
Oriental medicine.
I heard him say it.
What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley.
While I was seeing Dr. Paley I mentioned to him one night that someone was stealing drugs from the third floor dispensary.  Three days after I spoke to him in his office he went to the Head Nurse and told her he had witnessed me stealing drugs.
What changed.
I really don't know her that well. We would say hello to each other when I would come to the house but that was about it.
How do you know what kind of sex they had.
Yes It was on a Friday. I remember because I was going to visit my sister for her birthday. It would be October twenty-eighth.
He said that if it kept up she was going to kill him. That his heart couldn't take it.
Dristan nasal spray.
A.M or P.M.
Isn't it true that you stopped by the house after you left the drug store and dropped off the items you bought.
I don't know. That's why I'm asking you.
I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty. Your sex life is going to be dragged through the mud. They're going to say that you enticed Marsh led him down a dark path.
Andrew hardly needed leading. He was a very passionate man. He was eager to explore. I gave him what he wanted. We fulfilled each others needs.
Yes.
What do you think.
It's going to be hard to convince a jury that he's testifying against you in a murder trial because you blew him off.
No I wanted to be a professional hockey player.
I just left Joanne Braslow. She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house.
It isn't true. You have to believe me.
Can I see you later.
Sugar or honey.
You can think whatever you want Frank but I didn't kill Andrew and I'm not going to prison for something I didn't do.
Why.
Michael get off the phone.
Humped
Charlie called at eleven thirty looking for you. You were with her weren't you.
It had to get there somehow.
My Jewish friend's grandmother did.
Not to mention people driving over her and doggies doing their business 
Carolyn you want these candlesticks.
Mom's orders.
 going over and over in my mind every detail every moment of our time together and I ask myself What happened to me in Madison County. I struggle to put it together in a way that allows me to continue knowing we're on separate roads. But then I look through the lens of my camera and you're there. I start to write an article and I find myself writing it to you. It's clear to me now we have been moving towards each other towards those four days all our lives 
I don't know. I'm completely in the dark here. That's what I get for moving away.
Well what am I supposed to think.
This is crazy. She waits till she's dead to tell us all this. Well I got news for you. She was my mother. That's enough for me. I don't have to know who she was.
Nobody did.
Was this during Betty.
Did we want to.
 for over twenty years because that's what I was taught you stick with it. Normal people don't get divorced. I can't remember the last time my husband made love to me so intensely that he transported me to Europe for Christ's sake quite frankly I don't think he ever did. And now I find out in between bake sales my mother was Anais Nin.
They got heat in Michigan.
Heat is not heat. There's different kinds. And this heat is much hotter than what they got in Michigan. You go and call your brother and see if he don't say the same thing.
Madge.
Pretty country.
I can't describe it. I think it's from the loam in the soil. This very rich earthy kind of alive No. No that's not right. Can you smell it.
No I don't mind. I'm not from here. I was born in Italy.
Long. You just got off the train and stayed without knowing anyone there.
As long as it takes I might stay a week. No more I don't think. Where's your family.
Oh. How old.
About a year and a half.
I guess. Except I'm one of the people it frightens.
I doubt that.
She starts sniffing me.
You get used to it.
No. I'll do them later.
Do you mind if I ask you why you got divorced.
I never got lost. For some reason I'm more at home everywhere than at one place. So I decided I'll think of myself as some kind of world citizen. I belong everywhere and nowhere. I'm kin to everyone and no one in particular. See once you get into the habit of not needing anyone it's kind of hard to break.
Never touch the stuff. I've got friends all over the world. Good friends I can see when I want if I want.
Do you ever regret not having a family.
Not everybody's supposed to have a family.
I'm sorry I didn't call sooner but I just read your note. I stuffed it into my pocket. The light was fading and I had to get my shot.
Yeah.
How about if I set the table.
Are you hungry.
Yes.
Have you ever been to that station.
Why. Because I'm having thoughts I hardly know what to do with. I can't seem to stop them.
I just wondered. Why were you trouble.
What.
I know you. What can this possibly mean to anyone who doesn't need meaning - Who goes with the Mystery who pretends he isn't scared to death.
For anyone. They'll never be able to live through the talk. Richard will never be able to. He doesn't deserve that. He hasn't hurt anyone in his life.
I don't know. Please
No. Don't do this.
What about your husband.
Franny.
Okay.
It clearly states in the will 
Well it was notarized and witnessed by a Mrs. Lucy Delaney. Maybe you can ask her.
You people really don't like dogs.
Hey kid.
You didn't hear that. Take him  Something. Bury him or
Bones ol' Bones so mean and bad whupped his mamma shot his dad.
Wh-wh-whooo.
It ain't the money - it's the high. The big fat floating 'what if.' And it's way more profitable. Nobody ever wins. So you never have to pay out.
All that shinin' and reader and adviser mess. That was your mama's bag. I don't know about the readin' but you both can sure 'nuff advise.
Left hand's the past. Your right's the present. And the future. But it's not written in stone. It's written in flesh and blood. And flesh and blood will change. See. There's something here a new line right across your life line.
But.
No we won't Momma. I'll just have them call and tell Patrick it's us.
Told you so. Alright. We tried. Let's go home.
Like right now there's actually like hordes of dead people shambling around us. Fingers rotting off.
He probably thinks he's saving you from something. I'm sure that's what my mother thinks.
Patrick he's
I can't find you.
Where is it.
What are we doing down here.
I saw your face. You knew that place. You knew those people.
Help me. I'm so sorry. But please help me
I didn't sell it.
You're right. One of my associates sold the building last month.
That's a Bozo no-no. Jay-bird.
You was just doing your job.
But 
Need any help with those bags Ma'am.
You look mighty familiar to me. You sure you're not from around here.
Whoa whoa. Come on he's making too much noise.
All right. Where's the key.
Where is it.
Where's what.
Not bad. What for.
If you're not with me Violet then I have to assume you're against me.
You don't you can't believe that 
Caesar what are we going to do.
Shut up Violet.
Yes I understand.
Un-fucking-believable. I called those highway patrol dumb fucks.
A favor.
Oh I'm sorry 
Yeah.
Isn't it obvious. I'm trying to seduce you.
No.
Caesar's Mafia isn't he.
You didn't have to tell me if you didn't want to.
What's wrong.
I don't understand - .
What you heard wasn't sex.
All my life everyone has been telling me that when I have sex I'm not really having sex. Not real sex. But they're wrong. I know what is and isn't sex and what you heard was definitely not sex.
What about that guy this morning.
Shelly was skimming from the business. He came to see me yesterday because he was afraid Caesar figured it out. He wanted to run but he wanted me to come with him.
How much money.
All right now tell me about Johnnie.
Yeah.
What happened.
Hey.
No Johnnie. No goddamned phones. Not now.
I will never understand it Mickey. You didn't even call the police.
Our last sighting was forty-eight hours ago. Even if they stayed in the car the grid is huge. This is it. He's trained conditioned they're built to disappear. You give him another day to run and we may never find him.
I think so.
So now you know.
Jason Bourne is dead.
yes oui uh
Right. Yes. Of course.
Mr. Kane Come right inpleasehave a seat.
Really.
I'll give you ten thousand dollars to drive me to Paris.
I want to go home.
Okay. Twenty thousand. Ten now. Ten there.
That's what I'm saying.
No.
This is your office. God you live like a monk
What. what.  what is it.
 where does this come from.  How do you have my picture.
No.
I don't trust anybody and I trusted you.
 forget it 
You stayed there five times in the past six months. But I didn't have time I could only get the bill from the last stay you were there for two days. Some room service there's half a dozen phone calls here so that's someth
I don't know.
Where did this body go.
I said someone came last night  Look this isn't a carnival people call and they make an appointment and they follow the rules everyone signs in and out this is a serious place serious work it's not just to come in whenever you like 
What.
What the hell're you talking about.
 and they're sure it's him. 
 he accessed the account 
You drink rum.
Tuttle. mumble. You've had that scab Tuttle here haven't you.
I think you've got your T41 crystal inductor wired up to a reverse bobbin- threaded-solenoid-control. It's either that or a new washer.
Oh  Thank you very much mother but actually -
Layton.
Thank you very much Deputy Minister.
Problem. - No problem - yes everything's going fantastically well wonderful marvelous great career prospects Alison in great shape kids fine beautiful home I'm on Security Level Five now and Mr Helpmann relies on me more and more yes couldn't be better I feel terrifically motivated and job- rewarded -
You sound worried.
Yes I know fantastic marvellous wonderful - remember me to Alison - and the - er - twins.
Trust me. You do trust me don't you.
But I've already put her on the search and detain list.
It could all be coincidental.
Shut up.
You stupid bastard.
Jack 
Have you got an Arrest Receipt.
I bet you'd like to touch them.
Don't look back. Act naturally.
What are you doing. For Christ's sake. Get moving.
What.
It's heavy.
What do you mean. Would you rather have terrorists.
Well no system is.
What.
No. Please. They're going to arrest you.
I was right. Step on it.
Now you're the one that's out of your mind.
We. Don't blame me.
Shit. The house is on fire.
Go away.
Leave me alone.
Yes.
Are you sure.
Information Retrieval.
But if they did promote you
Would you really Sam.
Tuttle.
That's it.
What. Shit.
How long will she he away.
You remember Samuel my son.
What were we saying.
Er yes 
Hello. Mr Lowry.
My I.D. cards.
Monsieur. Quel numero.
what. Oh 
Yes.
I'm sorry but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures.
Why. I came into this game for adventure - go anywhere travel light get in get out wherever there's trouble a man alone. Now they've got the whole country sectioned of and you can't move without a form. I'm the last of a breed. Ah ha. Found it. There's your problem.
Es impossible.
Be cool man. You're having a paradoxical reaction. It can happen. Didn't I tell you this guy was stressed out.
Frank Pierce.
I know but she told me to tell you she wants to crash here a few hours. Terrible about her father isn't it.
They're gonna torch the fence. You're gonna feel the metal getting warm maybe very warm.
I can't wait all night Young. I'm holding a priority and if you don't answer I'm going to knock you out of service.
What's his name.
Here you try.
It's the waiting that's killing me not knowing you know. It's really hard on my mother. The doctor doesn't think my father'll make it. He says he was dead too long after six minutes the brain starts to die and once that goes close the door.
Even when you say the things there's always more things.
Yes.
You look so different.
I was just going to get some food. Pizza. Maybe we could.
On yeah. I went to Holy Name. Where'd you go to high school.
We moved out after that. Upstate.
You learn to sort of block it out you know like cops fence off a crime scene. But then something good will happen and everything will just glow.
Who is it.
I think the worst is over.
Who's that.
Oh Frank you've got it bad so much worse than I thought.
How many times have you shocked him tonight.
Look up Frank. Full moon. The blood's gonna run tonight. I can feel it. Our mission: to save lives.
Oh no.I just remembered.
Oh yeah you don't eat food.
That's what we're here for. Come on Frank.
Shit shit shit
You know the other day I really wanted your reaction to how we did with the Libyan report I was going to ask but I guess I feel a little intimidated with you.
Okay let's drop it. I didn't mean I'd take a test for you I mean if that came up in conversation I'd
This is uncomfortable for me because well I don't mean it as a knock but we approach this differently.
What did they do with you.
That's your full name.
Ravenous homosexual.
Tomwhy don't I meet you there. I've got some last minute stuff I've got to take care ofHey how did you resolve your dilemma did you rent the tux or buy itI knew it. How much. WowOkaySee you there
I didn't know you were going with him.
Because this is important so don't just be polite. I'd really like to lookwhat's the word I'm looking for.
Define your terms.
I don't know. I may be in love with him.
Don't go.
You can't end up with Tom because it goes totally against everything you're about.
Yeah being a basket case.
Ernie told this story. How he used to write obits and when the people in town called him up with death notices he cried. He was till that way when they promoted him out of obits. He says you're lucky if you can get out while you could still cry. I should have quit this place three years ago.
Just tell me what's really going on. I think we know each other well enough for me to expect that.
Do it then.
It's what he did. I'm proud of him.
We came from Washington.
How long has it been since you've been home.
Well darling if it gets any better than that I'm going to have to bring you up here to New York.
I've got to tell Erniebecause there isn't enough time.
Because
How do I get out of here.
I knowI mean you didn't do anything special for me tonight. You just had what I think are good manners decency. And it really makes me want to be nice back and it has nothing to do with any homosexual thing. Honestly. Because I don't know if you've homosexual or not and you're not are you.
Yes it's true. They're going to make it public Wednesday but isn't it a big deal for you to have it a day and a half early.
am starting to get jealous. I read in the newspapers about the Italian strike and riots in Milan. I hope you weren't
Why so glum.
Okay that's your opinion. I don't agree.
I just wanted to tell you how great you were. My name's Tom Grunick.
I kept thinking what a great break it was for me to get to see you tonight. More than a great break maybe just what I neededjust when I needed itAngel of mercy godsendlifesaverwhat.
Come onEven I'm not that hard on myself.
I trust you.
I never told you the reason I was telling you everything for.
Billion.
It's the firs time I've seen you dressed like this. You look so clean and pretty.
You're an amazing woman. What a feeling having you inside my head.
Yeah. It was an unusual place to be.
Jane.
Maybe we could just sit here talk a little.
Nooo. Is it your story.
So what did you think.
It's incredible who's here.
That's not it.
Well when.
It wasn't as bad as he think was it. it wasn't unprecedented or anything.
Hello.
We disagree on how God-awful it was. Why don't you come with me and we can disagree and get a tan at the same time.
Jesus if you're glib about this I'm going to lose it. I was up all night and
That's not going to be the way we say good-bye. Even though I think what you did was rotten it's not all impersonal. You mean something to me.
Well why not. Hey what is this. My life's rushing in front of my eyes.
Look I'm junior man and it's your beat.
I'm sorry.
I'm almost ready -
Oh it's enough
What did he do.
Gee.twenty five dollars for something I made.
Oh yeah.
Where where
May I please have another little kiss.
Yes Walter.
Put it in the middle of the room.
I know man.
There's that weird dude again.
What is it your laundry.
You want to buy it put it in the club.
Well make a dog make a parakeet. I'm sure you'll think of something.
Now why shouldn't you Walter. Things are different now
It's hot in here
Whatsamatter Leonard.
Police officer.
Don't give me a hard time Walter. You don't want to get me mad. You're coming with me.
Are you done with these.
And what project looms on the horizon Walter.
No thanks. Sounds good though.
I want you to have it. There's a little something for you in here
Walter have you been talking to yourself again.
I will - good night Mrs. Swicker.
Get away from here.
You don't mean like a cheerleader.
Excellent.
What show is this.
Hey there.
Are you going out with Jeffrey tonight.
I don't understand.
You broke up with my machine.
You left me a message.
I am a God. A God.
Yeah.
Well stay here tonight.
Hey jeez are you okay. You need a hand.
I think I'll just hang out here. Make sure the sun comes up and everything.
Yeah.
A dress.
What for.
We've come all this way. We just have to check it out. I got a hunch.
Can't. History report. The Normans and the Saxons.
You were supposed to be here at three.
Listen to you. What language are you speaking.
You're one of those skanky old men that like attack girls and stuff. Forget you. My um my boyfriend is gonna be here in about thirty seconds and he's way testy.
Chosen to go to the graveyard. Why don't you just take the first runner up okay.
All right. What do we do now.
Meet me at this address after school.
Do you know what a Vampire-King is.
Who we gonna beat.
Oh what the hell is wrong with you. You threw a knife at my head.
It's natural. A reaction to their presence to the unnaturalness of it. It's part of how you are able to track them.
I'm curious is all.
I can't work this.
My clothes have always been perfectly serviceable.
Mr. Howard is so heinous. He's always giving me a hard time. I get a C-plus on the test and he tells me 'You have no sense of history.' I have no sense of history. He wears a brown tie.
I was just scared is all.
Snapped. Buffy was you know on the upswing and I swear to God she went across the room. Perm over heels.
I never thought of that.
Cool.
I'm sorry. I'm Pike. This is Benny.
Oh God.
Oh thank you very much.
I don't think so.
You mean Nuke. You said Crash.
You said Crash.
Just do what I say. Now which nostril are you breathing through.
You're patronizing me. I will not be patronized
I'm yours.
Not that. I mean the re-channeling of my sexual energy. Maybe we shouldn't make love for awhile.
Get over here.
I'll tuck you in.
What a nasty thing to say.
Nuke. You got things all wrong. There's no relation between sex and baseball. Ask Crash.
He did.
We lost.
Ebby Calvin Nuke LaLooshdon't think too much.
Crash I didn't think you
247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor if ya think about it.
Well Annie your place or mine.
You got me all confused.
Aren't we all.
You're gorgeous God damn it. From the moment I first saw you I knew I had to have you. I had to have you.
I don't know if I'd go that far.
WellI used to think that wasn't the worst thing in the world to look forward to. Lately I'm not so sure.
Fun. What's he know about fun. Why's he calling for a curveball. I wanta bring heat.
To announce your fucking presence with authority. This guy's a first ball fastball hitter. He's looking for heat.
I ain't pissing nothing awayI got a Porsche already. A 944 with A.C. and a quadraphonic Blaupunkt.
This is from Tony for the rainout. C'mon man let's go to the party.
Go for it.
Hey I'm cruisin' manwhat're you doing out here.
Good Lord willing things'll work out.
Settle what.
C'mon we got nothin' to fight about.
Good. Good. That's terrific
No.
You will. Look Nukethese Big League hitters are gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile don't worry about it. Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat. That's the secret. You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance.
We want you to room with him on the road and stay on his case all year. He can go all the way.
I don't know. I haven't caught anything yet.
Yeah Skip you wanted to see me.
I don't believe in fighting.
I'd kill ya.
Who you calling a boy.
Where's Ebby.
You guys lollygag the ball around the infield ya lollygag you're- way to first ya lollygag in an' outta the dugout. You know what that makes ya Lollygaggers. What's our record Larry.
It's a miracle.
It turned out Phil Green Mr Integrity had a partner nobody knew about and when she showed up and started demanding some money from the Tangiers
I never comped you. I don't comp you at least two or three times a month at the Tangiers.
Uh I - I'd I'd like to answer - answer that at this time.
Mr Rothstein is being very typical to this point.
You know damn well I was at that dinner and you swore to me that I would have a fair hearing at that dinner. Did you not. Did you not. Well tell me I was at least at the dinner. A-allow me that much. Give me that much at least.
You got it.
I'm serious. No interference.
No it's - it'll just be a couple of minutes. We got other things to do too you know. He'll hurry her up. How's everything else besides this.
Oh good.
But one thing I could never understand was that she could have everything under control except for her old pimp boyfriend Lester Diamond.
M- Uh Mr. and Mrs. Rothstein.
Hello.
So l-l-l-listen I te- I te- I tell you - can I call you back in a few minutes.
Oh. Have a good day at school.
Amy. Amy open the door.
Where the hell did you learn how to deal.
He insulted Billy. And then I walked over to him politely
That Black Book is a bunch of bullshit. They got two names in there for the whole country and one of them is still Al Capone.
What am I doin' out here. I'm tryin' to make a livin' that's all.
I'm just tellin' you. Don't say I didn't warn you.
I don't wanna come along with you.
I have no control over that. Ronnie and Billy were right there. They'll tell you exactly what happened.
Yeah.
All right.
Now what does she have to do with all this.
Nicky was questioned in two dozen murders but they always had to let him go. There were never any witnesses.
Yeah.
What - what Caesar's.
You want me to get out of my own fuckin' town.
I -
I'm what counts out here. Not your fuckin' country clubs or your fuckin' TV shows. And what the fuck are you doin' on TV anyhow.
You're makin' a big fuckin' spectacle of yourself.
Oh sure. Now you want to blame your fuckin' license on me is that it.
I just told you. She called me.
Yeah what are you doin'. You okay.
Well
She didn't know who to turn to. She she didn't know where to turn. She was tryin' to save your marriage.
Before we point the dirty end of the stick at 'ol Don uh we better be sure we can prove them charges.
Mr Rothstein. Your people never will understand the way it works out here. You're all just our guests. But you act like you're at home. Let me tell you somethin' partner you ain't home. But that's where we're gonna send you if it harelips the Governor. Thank you for your time.
Hello.
Never mind the 'sir'. Never mind the 'sir'.
position
To Abraham Lincoln.
she took care of the valet parkers the guys who could get you anything and take care of anything.
I - I - I
You're kidding. My God. What is it.
So do you think it's too much if I wear these in the same day.
What are you talkin' a- .
It's okay. Look you gotta get a hold of yourself.
Okay.
Yes you do. It's very discreet. There's no names in the papers. You don't have to worry about any of that stuff.
Pretty serious.
So what'd ya do with it.
The good part was I had Amy back. So we went home had the housekeeper stay over put the kid to bed I calmed myself down and we went to dinner. I tried to keep things nice and civil you know. But hey twenty-five thousand for three suits. That doesn't make much sense.
I want you out of here. I want you out of here.
You're lower than a dog.
Stop. You aren't getting rid of me with one fuckin' suitcase.
You'll come back tomorrow and get the rest. Just get out of here.
Fine. I'm takin' Amy.
I put her to bed.
Oscar wants you to call him.
Okay. I want you to call Jennifer and I want you to tell her to tell you what she had for lunch and I'm gonna listen in on the other line.
Fine. Just gonna get the bowl for my thing.
Who were you with.
she did what she did and I did what I had to do. But Jesus Nicky was the worst thing she could've done.
I just want the key to my jewelry and I want you to let me go.
What are you running for Bob. What are you running for.
The action is in the front not in the back. Bring 'em up front.
All right I will I will.
I do understand that. I'll get right on it. And thank you.
Four reels sevens across three fifteen-thousand-dollar jackpots. Do you have any idea what the odds are.
Three fuckin' jackpots in twenty minutes. Why didn't you pull the machines. Why didn't you call me.
worst possible time for me.
No.
No Sir.
Can you do it with your left hand.
Yeah that's my pen. Why.
I just wanna get out of here.
I'm sorry. I made a bad mistake.
I didn't give 'em the m-
Thanks Nick.
Your cumma. What are you doin' with your cumma.
Come on go back there. I never got paid my expenses for the last trip.
Well then from now on I'm gonna start keepin' records.
You need to understand and I - I'm sure you do that in a venture of this kind you have to be prepared to take some kind of loss.
You can't talk to me like
Um I'm gonna need a bag. If you could just ask the guy for a big bag okay.
metro intelligence cop. But it didn't matter. I mean it was all about the kids you know.
It's instinctive you know.
Well listen uh Good luck with the joint huh.
No I won't calm down. He's my husband.
We're placing you under arrest for aiding and abetting -
Because there's one thing about these old timers: They don't like any fuckin' around with the other guy's wives. It's bad for business.
Yeah I know. That's why I'm asking. You see my main concern is Nicky.
You got a round figure on it.
I mean unless Ace made his bet.
Keep a good eye on him. He's makin' a lot of money for us. And he's gonna continue makin' a lot of money for us so keep a good eye on him.
Tell me.
No. No. I told him all about the guy before we ever got married. This is no fuckin' surprise.
You mean like a lot of expensive jewelry. About how much.
No. I - I'm just curious you know. I was wonderin' how much he would put into a thing like that. That's all.
I should have never married him. He's a Gemini. A triple Gemini duality. Gemini's the snake. You know you can't trust the snake. I mean it.
No I really do. I think he's gonna kill me.
I don't -
He holds that key so tight he's probably got it stuck up his ass.
Come on. Don't be scared.
Is that what you want.
Yeah.
So what'd you say to that fuckin' jerk anyway.
same outfit.
Well how 'bout that.
No you're not. Where are you. Where are you.
Right.
You're done yakkin' okay. You're done yakkin' now.
they're in Penthouse K.
Excuse me but I folded these things beautifully and I would appreciate a little respect. Jesus Christ.
Boy look at this place huh.
Yeah what's to stop him.
Angelo and Buster.
Yeah.
Get out. Get out. Get out.
Ch-Charlie M.
How you doin'.
All right yeah. You got that thing for me.
I'm sorry Nicky. I didn't mean anything by it.
this uh this Commission is prepared to act on a motion denying the Rothstein application.
Do I hear a motion seconded.
I know but that's enough.
All right all right. But I - I -
done right you gotta do it yourself.
Do I have to remind everyone that in two days we'll all be dead. The Cult of Good will be a memory. I don't want to hear about lawsuits or cereals. We have a secret mission
No in art. I try not bring up women around Kincaid. It's a sore spot between us. Long story.
But of course you are. Dinner at Eight. Wouldn't miss it.
I despise these kind of winds. Sorry I guess I'm a little on edge. Seems this Catwoman has everyone men and women on edge. Don't you feel Catwoman says something about the duality of all men and women
A whip. Now that's going too far. Some of these women have no shame.
At some sanctimonious celebration of condescension. Nothing like appeasing half the population with a two hour luncheon.
I guess we did. When you were a little boy did you want to be a superhero.
You've lost all motor functions. The poison will kill you in ten minutes.
Boss we better roll if we're going to hit this place blow it up and make that flight.
You were right all alongthe two parts to a person are the reality and the lie. I was making good money as a top architectbut that's not who I am. I'm not an architect I'm a.
Cactus sometimes you don't deserve to wear our logo.
Ah did you hear that. Spooky loved you
Quite a little performance you gave in the casino todayfor me and that other guy. Come on down let's chat.
My those little ears pick up a lot. The Cult of Good will die heroically preventing a world-class heist. Since we will be the ones performing the heist our deaths will obviously be fake. But have no fear. There will be many other deaths tomorrowand those will be quite real. I'm afraid these questions of yours put you in a position not unlike a long-tailed tabby in room full of rocking chairs.
I'm supposed to be taking personality tips from you three. You people were once heroes. You had ideals. You fought for things. Spooky told me so
For when the.Uh yeah thanks a little gold piece ofgold. Uh
What if I were to say You're Fired.
I don't know what came over me.
Oh do you turn around every time somebody just shouts at you.
Like you don't know
I'm afraid last night was the last straw of our city's tourists. The Mayor in his finite wisdom is throwing a Month of the Woman luncheon ball for the public this afternoon to try and calm everyone down. I thought maybe you and I could
You are
I'll take your abuse but it's way too early for the sanctimonious Cult of Gag
Where were you last night. I didn't hear you come in.
What's a powerful man like you standing all alone for. Dance with me.
He ran out on me to be with you. Well fuck him. Everything worked twice as good without him. We didn't need him then and I don't need him now.
It was the fugitive in the Chrysler that caused this. We were trying to overtake him.
No reason to kill innocent bystanders. Shit. I can't hardly move my neck.
What'd you do. Tail me from Brentwood.
You switched license plates.
That's illegal. You want us pulled over. I'll turn around at the corner if you'll shut the fuck up.
Nels.
I'm still in my cab jammed up in traffic. Are you there yet.
Don't lay this on me.
Where'd they take you to.
The cops could trace this call back to you.
One of them <u>is</u> a cop.
Oh man. These people mean business.
What do they need her for.
26th off Wilshire.
I'm afraid if I stop talking I'll lose you. Just name any reasonable amount and it's yours.
That makes two of us.
It's not your fault Theo. You tried.
Wait just a minute. Our luck has changed.
Even if you found us what then.
No.
Hi Lenore. It's me. I got you back. Courtesy of Star 69. Are you hurt.
God if he doesn't come back 
She's awake but she hasn't spoken. I don't know what they did to her. I don't want to think about it.
She's next. In two or three more minutes she'll be free.
I can't do it.
She's a child. She might panic. She doesn't know me. She might not come to me. She might just run.
Rachel was terrified when I left her. I could see it in her eyes.
Why didn't you just shoot them.
There isn't any such person.
Oh no you were too busy trying to keep some Croatian from slapping the shit out of his girlfriend. She showed her gratitude by almost taking your eye out with her spiked heel.
Who'd ever think to look at you.
What's your point.
Got a phone in that van.
It's your call.
You'll see her.
I still don't see you.
It's in the process.
Negative.
And then.
And they run straight to the cops who start looking for our van.
And if you ditch us we get zilch.
And I end up in a fucking neck brace for life.
I just strolled out of the emergency room while they were admitting Rodriego.
Not without the name of the contact who can discount the bonds. I may need to pry that information out of her. What do you stand to gain.
I've got a couple of spare pieces stashed under the floorboards.
Why are you picking on me for.
Can I make a quick call.
So who's he.
Then why doesn't she.
See what Dil.
He's still looking Col.
Ask him.
Saw it Dil.
Don't be like that 
Hey Stirling fucking Moss 
No I won't fucking fuck off. Said I'm sorry didn't I.
Is that his tart. Does Pat have a tart.
What was that all about.
They're jealous.
Tough guy huh. Are you going to be all right on your own.
He lived here with you.
Yes
Aha.
Why.
Tell him it hurt 
Got your note. So let's kiss and make up hon.
Give it over Dil 
Do you care Jimmy.
My oh my Jimmy how gallant.
Ask me to meet you again Jimmy.
I should have known shouldn't I.
Am I becoming repetitious.
Don't be cruel.
I'm not sure.
I had to go to work.
You mean that.
Died
No.
What would you do for me.
Dil
Not if you go.
Ever so nice. Aren't you Jimmy.
Did you give him it.
We've got some plans here. And we'll need a Mister Nobody to execute them.
She's nobody. She likes me.
And do you know why.
Why.
And what's she like between the sheets.
Just a girl.
Fuck you.
They're going to let that guy die. And you're going to kill me.
Why can't we.
What.
Like what.
Having two pints in the Rock.
Having a pint in the Metro and Dil's having a margarita.
If they kill me 
Don't think that way.
What.
Not a lot of use are you Fergus.
The fastest.
You stupid bastard 
Never pissed holding a girl's hand Jude.
I never know nothing.
You know what I mean the envelope with the stamps. I want it.
How was I leading you on.
All that marvelous rejection you knew I couldn't resist it. Now it turns out you were only interested in the money.
Oh you should see your face.
What is it.
Five o'clock Thursday the Garden it's got to be something around here.
Reggie trust me once more please.
Only we call them agents.
What's all this got to do with me Mr. Bartholomew.
Your husband was wanted by the U. S. government.
Aren't they. Now look at this one Mrs. Voss and 
Thanks very much.
Nevertheless Mrs Lampert you've got it.
Who.
No.
That's not Carson Dyle.
But if they stole all that money why can't you arrest them.
Then how do I know this is your office.
Who asked you to get stuck with any of them.
My mother she lives in Detroit. Come on now give me those stamps.
What now.
That's a crock. If one of us did that he wouldn't hang around here waiting for the other two to wise up.
He's just tryin' to throw us off. They've got it I tell you. Why don't we search their rooms.
Carson Dyle is dead.
Your 
Would you like to see where I was tattooed.
Is there a Mrs. Dyle.
Alex how can you tell if someone is lying or not.
You can't.
Why couldn't you just look at his feet.
Which one are you.
Oh-oh here it comes. The fatherly talk. You forget I'm already a widow.
They've got Jean-Louis.
What day is it.
He's all yours. I'll do Tex and Gideon. Take Jean-Louis with you and make sure you bolt the door from inside.
What's so illogical about that.
Oh. I guess they just can't help it.
Women. You know I can't help feeling rather sorry for Scobie. Wouldn't it be nice if we were like that.
Yes I know.
What. Assassinate somebody.
Did you ever hear the story of the boy who cried wolf.
Every day. The manufacturer recommends it.
It's a start anyway.
I don't believe it.
But I do believe it that's what I don't believe. So it's goodbye Alexander Dyle Welcome home Peter Joshua.
Yes.
Not unless we're blind.
Meaning what.
You know I'd tell you if I had it.
What do you mean no.
Your husband possessed a ticket of passage on the 'Maranguape.' It sailed from Bordeaux for Maracaibo this morning at seven.
He was a wealthy man.
I don't know.
I don't know.
 you could have the stamps. I'll get you some here okay.
I know. I would bury it in the garden.
I found it. I found it.
Oh forgive me. Is this yours.
I'm afraid you're blocking my view.
The one you're blocking. This is the last chance I have I'm flying back to Paris this afternoon. What's your name.
Yes I am I'm compulsive about it dishonesty infuriates me. Like when you go into a drugstore.
How do you know.
Charles is.
Him: 'Do you mind if I come in for a nightcap Reggie.' Her: 'Well it is awfully late.' Him: 'Just one all right.' Her: 'Promise you'll behave yourself.' Him: 'Sorry baby I never make promises I can't keep.'
I don't know. Those men killed Charles to get it. But he must not have had it with him on the train.
That's all right it's a drip-dry.
Who is it.
I don't but as long as they think you have the money or know where it is or have it without knowing where it is or don't even know you have it 
Words can hurt very much.
Yes I'll remember. Good night.
How can you tell.
I'm glad. But what's all this.
This ain't no game Miz Lampert.
Why.
You tell these people someone is out there killing virgins and we're going to have a goddamn fuckfest on our hands.
IT'S LISA SHERMAN. But she still looks like we're eighteen.
You're grounded Friday night.
No honey.
I thought you'd be pleased.
You know her.
What kind of a person wakes up in the morning and says to themselves 'Think I'll nail a sixteen year old girl to a tree today'.
As bizarre as it may sound seems someone is planning to have a big party tonight.
No you couldn't.
Pay no attention to me.
of COURSE. You're not scared.
Of course I'm scared.
Really.
I was born nine months after she was raped. One of the four men who raped her is my father. I have no idea which one.
Don't you want to talk to him. You watch him eat everyday.
The seat behind him is open. Come on I can eavesdrop too.
No. That's his table.
You get to be a little Chelsea Clinton. Everyone wants to meet you. Party with you. Have sex with you.
No.
You can't tell your parents.
I won't.
Didn't you have something a little more romantic in mind for your first time.
I kind of like the idea that we can all lose it together on the same night. It'll be a lot less scary. You have to go.
They're all on microfiche. What year are you looking for.
Unfortunately I qualify. Think I'm too old.
I'm fine.
I can't believe I listened to one word of his shit.
Just making me feel like a piece of meat.
What.
Hi mom.
Yes.
I need to ask you something.
She's nobody you should be concerned with.
They were proving to her they weren't. They were very drunk. Things were different back then. You think kids are sexually bottled up today.
Two men left town right after it happened.
What are you doing.
I got to go.
Hi Mark Cindy Ben.
If sheep don't count.
What do you work for my boss dog.

help me get in the truck.
Oh
It's a damn postal truck.
That's my business.
Yeah well Darlene didn't say anything about it to me so tell Andy to bill her like usual and let them sort it out. Move.
moron.
Dude in uniform get in your face you do not shoot your mouth off.
Yeah I believe him. He was my friend.

All right then how about this.
Damn.
You'd better coast through
No cell.
No no no.
You stole this truck.
You stole this truck.
We can't push old Pete in this heat. He can't take it.

Shut up.
What.

Kiss my ass.
It was owed to me. You stole the damn
Shift.
You think we can make what. You see that truck.
Your weedkiller on steroids goes down with us. Everybody dies.
Okay.
Goddamn.


No. Shit.
Okay.
yeah.

here.

You're fucked man.
piece of shit was worth.
And he swore he swore once I got a degree
How wonderful for you.
And I put the car into a ditch. He spent eighteen weeks in the
Well shit. Could be worse. I mean we're both up shit's creek but at least we have a paddle.
shit.
That is loud. I'm
All right all right. Hey hey.
Even though it is nice to see Andy
Huh.
Hey just shut up.
Come on.
Okay. All right man. Okay.

Arlo.
What.
Stop.
Aw shit. Would you be more care-
Unbe-fucking-lievable.
Shoot me.


Got it.  Come on darlin'. I gotcha.
Arlo I'm gonna get Elvis. You go.
Look out.

We're the shit. Bigtime.
Excuse me. I got a bullet in my leg.
You did help a little.
Who drove the ice cream
us.
You know it's uh-it's very hush-hush as we say in the spy game.

frozen. So if you don't mind.
Your move. Okay Vaughn you drive.
Wait. This town is full of trucks. Nice new trucks. You don't need to go

What. Say again
to take any extreme measures I deem necessary

Yes sir.
and the government.
Together you gave me the opportunity to realize just how very wrong my life had gone.
Do you remember telling me once that all through my career I'd never fit in. Well
always done Richard.
Went away. I like that.
So far ye-yes.
Do you know what'll
Pleasant surprise.
-ians. But I assure you Leo
Carl. Set up the camera.
Just when we have all the cards Vaughn. Take these two behind the van.
Get your links set up.
-mand out of Fort Bragg.
We were called in by the Jerome base
-ty.
should be right outside.
and unharmed de-




I would've in another life.
like April. It gives him gas. And make sure there's two pots of coffee
Secrets.
Ah.
You know I have yet to get a simple cup of coffee and a meal in this place Darlene.
No sign of 'em
It must've happened right after we left.

No that's not possible Mason. The trout
How can we ever hope to win against the trout.
back
without caution
Cold. Cold. How cold.
Yeah I just.
Forty-seven.
Got that.
I said let me see your hands now.
tunnel now.
Just go check the temperature.
You sure.
Yeah I'm sure.
Oh.
Now. Seal that tunnel now.
Well then how about a ruler.
A ruler.
If you were a bank president that would be one thing but in your business it's admirable. And it's good advertising.
They're calling it an accident.
Wouldn't it be useful to talk to her.
No.
My daughter.
Okay. My secretary'll send you a letter of agreement. Tell me are you worried about that girl or what Evelyn might do to her.
That's where life begins marshes sloughs tide-pools he was fascinated by them you know when we first came out here he figured that if you dumped water onto desert sand it would percolate down into the bedrock and stay there instead of evaporating the way it does in most reservoirs. You'd lose only twenty percent instead of seventy or eighty. He made this city.
No Mr. Gittes. That's what I am doing with the Valley. The bond issue passes Tuesday. There'll be ten million to build an aqueduct and reservoir. I'm doing it.
How much do you owe me Curly.
I don't know
Tell Mrs. Mulwray to wait for half an hour after you get there. Then if I don't show take her down to the boat.
There's seven ashtrays in this room Duffy.
Where did you get this material.
I have a cold I can't seem to shake but other than that I'm fine.
Summer colds are the worst.
Uh-huh. So what are you doing here.
What are you doing here.
Yeah.
Yeah I once knew a whore who for enough money would piss in a customer's face but she'd never shit on his chest. That's where she drew the line.
It's too late.
I don't suppose you got any idea Where she went.
Where.
Her maid's house. I think she knows something's up.
Who is he get his name. I'll kill him.
Get him away from her. He's responsible for everything. Get him away from her.
No.
What are you having.
I'm just trying to make a living and I don't want to become a local Joke.
It's very personal. It couldn't be more personal. Is this a business or an obsession with you.
Well how much would you like.
And you weren't the slightest bit upset about it.
For very long.
Then it was over the water department.
You sure shout that.
They can't be.
Why.
What were you doing there.
Boy oh boy you're a mess.
Just I have to.
And I want to know where.
Please don't be angry believe me it's got nothing to do with you.
Where are you going.
I am not.
You mean she just found out.
What does it look like.
Just tell me the truth. I'm not the police. I don't care what you've done. I'm not going to hurt you but one way or another I'm going to know.
You know any good criminal lawyers.
Yes positively. That's where he was drowned
no
Katherine. Katherine who.
Where can we go.
Hello Miss Sessions. I don't believe we've had the pleasure.
Shut the fuck up. Yes I remember nothing Miss Sessions just going over a detail or two with my associates you were saying.
I understand if you could tell me who employed you Miss Sessions. That could help us both.
Oh no.
I'm sorry. We don't.
Yeah.
It's bone dry Morty.
Yeah. I do.
Can't we talk about this alone Mr. Gittes.
That's swell. But how about here. Ever worked for Robert Knox Emma Dill Clarence Speer Marian Parsons or Jasper Lamar Crabb.
He's not in Mr.
What about.
Look you tell me to take pictures I take pictures.
Yeah.
We don't publish a record in the paper I can tell you that.
She must be about thirty-three thirty- four.
So I can have these.
I told my mother you weren't the one who gave me the films. That it wasn't your fault. But I thought you said the film could catch fire just to scare me. Now that I know I won't steal any more from you. That's all I wanted to say. I'm going.
Then why don't you change jobs.
Chaplin's Modern Times. Right Toto.
What is it what is it. What's the picture.
Toto are you pulling my leg or something. How is it possible to see this television without film.
No Salvatore. You'd better go. It's my father.
I didn't see that.
It isn't here Mr. Bernstein. I'm dictating it.
This is all figured at three cents a copy.
Ready for dinner Brad.
Say with them fellows - - it's no trick to get circulation.
Go in and ask him to hurry.
You and Leland and Mr. Kane - you were great friends back in the old days I understand.
- We thought maybe if we can find out what he meant by that last word - as he was dying -
Well then how could he write that roast. The notices in the Kane papers were always very kind to her.
Mr. Bernstein am I a stuffed shirt. Am I a horse-faced hypocrite. Am I a New England school-marm.
If you thought I'd answer different from what Mr. Kane tells you - well I wouldn't.
How do you do. I came here - and I made Mr. Kane come with me because I recieved this note -
You don't have to show me anything Mr. Rogers. I believe you.
Oh.
Charlie please don't -
On the chiffonier. Here.
I've got a brush in the closet. As soon as the mud on your trousers is all dry - you just brush it off.
You really don't know who I am.
Who am I. Well let's see. Charles Foster Kane was born in New Salem Colorado in eighteen six - I run a couple of newspapers. How about you.
What happened to the singing. You're not in a show are you.
Would you sing for me.
Oh you wouldn't want to hear me sing.
I couldn't make you see how I felt Charlie. I just couldn't - I couldn't go threw with singing again. You don't know what it means to feel - to know that people - that an audience don't want you. That if you haven't got what they want - a real voice - they just don't care about you. Even when they're polite - and they don't laugh or get restless or - you know They don't want you. They just 0
Charlie. I said what time is it.
You always said you wanted to live in a palace.
It's not a habit. I do it because I like it.
What you want me to want you mean. What you've decided I ought to have - what you'd want if you were me. But you've never given me anything that -
Anything you say Mr. Kane. Only we're talking now about what you are. That's what the note is about Mrs. Kane. Now I'm going to lay all my cards on the table. I'm fighting for my life. Not just my political life. My life. If your husband is elected governor -
Get out. I've got nothing to talk to you about. If you want to see me have the Warden write me a letter.
Thanks.
Well gentlemen are we going to war.
You don't want to be a war correspondent - how about being a dramatic critic.
Why not.
What lesson. Not to expose fraud when I see it. Not to fight for the right of the people to own their own property. Run it the way I said Reilly - This afternoon a great man was assassinated -
What's wrong Brad.
Sure I am. She wants full custody of the child no matter what happens. If you won't agree to that she'll apply for a divorce regardless of the President's wishes. I can't tell her she's wrong because she isn't wrong -
Do you think the Enquirer shouldn't have campaigned against the oil leases.
The personal note is all there is to it. It's all there ever is to it. It's all there every is to anything. Stupidity in our government complacency and self-satisfaction and unwillingness to believe that anything done by a certain class of people can be wrong - you can't fight those things impersonally. They're not impersonal crimes against people. They're being done by actual persons - with actual names and positions and - the right of the American people to own their own country is not an academic issue Brad that you debate - and then the judges retire to return a verdict and the winners give a dinner for the losers.
Sorry Mr. Thatcher. What the kid needs is a good thrashing.
Never mind - Bernstein told you about the first days at the office didn't he. Well Charlie was a bad newspaper man even then. He entertained his readers but he never told them the truth.
Oh yes. I know about Mr. Rawlston.
Sure.
There's a part of a Scotch castle over there but we haven't bothered to unwrap it.
You can go on asking questions if you want to.
Oh. I thought maybe we could have a drink together.
I did a lot of singing after that. I sang for Charlie - I sang for teachers at a hundred bucks an hour - the teachers got that I didn't -
What did you get.
What about that apartment.
The last ten years have been tough on a lot of people.
I'll come down in a week or so and see her again. Say you might be able to help me. When she used to talk about Kane - did she ever happen to say anything - about Rosebud.
Pack of cigarettes. What's that.
Maybe you should take that coffee outside.
I take it she likes the guy.
She said not to come home until graduation.
Wow you got thrown out. For Dante.
What can I say. He does weird things to me.
So where is he.
Such a sordid state of affair.
And I'm caught in the middle-torn between my loyalty for the boss and my desire to piss with the light on.
Why.
I'm not pregnant.
I know I'm sorry. But when we started talking it's like I forgot I had a boyfriend. And then he proposed last month
Well kind of sort of.
Wreck is a harsh term. Disturbed is more like it. Mildly disturbed even.
The last thing I needed was for you to think I was hiding something from you.
Sang. His name is a past tense.
Stop it. He's a nice guy.
Why Mr. Hicks-whatever do you mean.
But can we date.
So what. So we should just make pretend over the phone that we're dating.
What about Sing.
He's your fiancé.
So what are you saying.
I can already tell this isn't going to work.
I'll ask Randal to close up for me when he gets back.
How'd you get here so fast.
Shock trauma. She's going to need years of therapy after this. My question is How did she come to have sex with the dead man.
Yeah.
Space Alien Revealed as Head of Time Warner; Reports Stock Increase. They print any kind of shit in these papers.
Sir. Sir I'm sorry. He didn't mean it. He was trying to get me.
Pack of cigarettes. Congratulations. I saw that announcement in today's paper. She's marrying an Asian design major.
All right now if you're really feeling dangerous tonight then Smokey and the Bandit Three is the movie you must rent.
I guess it's not really fighting. She just wants me to leave here go back to school get some direction.
That's cheating.
Oh shit I've got to place an order.
Me pulling a can off some moron's fist.
I guess.
Then wouldn't that logically mean that it's a theocracy. If the head of the Empire is a priest of some sort then it stands to reason that the government is therefore one based on religion.
Hence the Empire was a fascist theocracy and the rebel forces were therefore battling religious persecution.
Something just never sat right with me the second time they destroyed it. I could never put my finger on it-something just wasn't right.
She's in here.
Each egg has to be perfect.
So what-you're stuck here all day.
He's blunt but he's got a point.
Are you gonna lock the store.
What happened to all the Gatorade.
You know what Sanford told me.
Yeah right.
No you're not.
I'm not missing what's probably going to be the social event of the season.
You hate people.
An embarrassing way to die.
Balls resting on his lips.
I could never reach.
Listen to you.
I can't fucking believe you.
Her fucking body fell out.
What'd you rent. Best of Both Worlds.
Hermaphroditic porn. Starlets with both organs. You should see the box: Beautiful women with dicks that put mine to shame.
I like to expand my horizons.
Living proof.
Little girl. Maybe five years old.
Because I'm happy.
Around three or something.
Fuck you.
As if it's that easy.
I thought I was doing you a favor.
What time did you get to work today.
Hermaphrodites. I rented it so we could watch it together.
Same time. What about you.
Do you need a hug or something. 'Cause I would have no hang-ups about hugging you you know you being a guy and all. Just don't knead my ass when you do it.
Sounds to me like somebody needs to hit the gym.
Excuse me.
What are you talking about. There's no fat on this body.
How do you know that.
Noinch noinch noinch-smoking weed smoking weed. Doing coke. Drinking beers. A pack of wraps my good man. It's time to kick back drink some beers and smoke some weed.
We get off about the same time every night. We should hang out. You get high.
Relax brother. What I mean is that you sell the stuff in this store at the highest prices around. A dollar seventy-nine for wraps-what's that shit.
All right. How much is Pepsi here.
Don't you already have a girlfriend.
I'm sure he wasn't sleeping.
Be careful.
And he got cancer by chewing fluorescent bulb glass.
Uh sure. Go ahead. It's back through the cooler.
Aw c'mon boy. What's the difference. You said yourself the stuff that's there now is rough.
Here. Now leave me alone.
All right stupid question. But don't you think you're taking this a bit too hard.
Why did you agree to come in then.
Hunhh. Nothing.
Ooh. Can we.
Be there.
Now making a woman cum therein lies a challenge.
Do you know how many different men I've had sex with.
Animal vegetable or mineral.
It's important to me Dante. You have so much potential that just goes to waste in this pit. I wish you'd go back to school.
Why do you call him that.
He requested this.
Yeah. How do you think I know he liked
That's because I never had sex with him.
We went out a few times. We didn't have sex but we fooled around.
I'm sorry Dante. I thought you understood.
How many.
I'M THIRTY-SEVEN.
And one of those guys was you. The last one I might add which-if you're too stupid to comprehend- means that I've been faithful to you since we met. All the other guys I went with before I met you so if you want to have a complex about it go ahead. But don't look at me like I'm the town whore because you were plenty busy yourself before you met me.
Well why did you have to suck their dicks. Why didn't you just sleep with them like any decent person.
I feel sick.
Peanut butter and jelly with the crusts cut off. What do you think it is. It's lasagne.
I called a locksmith and he said the earliest he could get here it tomorrow.
What the fuck did you do that for.
And having him tell me that was just the weakest move ever. You're spineless.
You hold the counter and I'll pull.
You open.
I didn't sell cigarettes to any kids. I swear.
Really.
I hope it feels good.
Says me. I've been here for half an hour. I'd call that first dibs.
Ronnie. How are you. You work here now.
Did you catch that thunder.
Hal's signalling he's OK.
If I don't meet up with them you can come and pick me up by nightfall.
And it's such a handsome head. Please Frank and I swear I'll buy one of your paintings.
I copy.
You know how the airlines are.
Go on fetch.
Copy. Jessie go to the top of Bitker ladder.
Throw it up or I'll kill her.
You're gone now. I don't climb with people I can't trust. Why'd you come up to prove something.
Can't pass up another chance to play hero can you.
Thanks for staying around when you didn't have to.
How's your leg. I'll live. Where'd you leave Jessie.
Not on that leg.
How're ya feeling.
The ledge I know it well or should I say <u>we</u> know it well.
I know
Did I. I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't have gone out on that line. Maybe I panicked.
Like I said I can't turn it off.
If he gets up there and the weather gets as bad as it can they'll never make it down. He needs someone who has emergency medical training and knows every handhold on these peaks.
He doesn't want my help.
He can handle it.
Can't do it. I don't believe this. Don't you feel anything.
Neither can I. What do you think they're doing now.
Only kidding<u>actually</u> I attacked you.
What.
Never
I won't do it. No way.
There's a lot more where that came from. You're not leaving again.
I burned it.
You said there was a way across.
He asked you how far. I think you've been taking the scenic route. How far from here.
Go after her.
You gotta be kidding me. Do you want me to fly up after you. Over.
Oh my God.
I don't know about totally.
Why didn't you send the money over.
We've been working hard too. Takes glass.
Yes sir that's exactly who I am sir and what I am a victim sir. Mr. Alexander becomes frenzied as the speech progresses.
What the bloody hell d'you think you're doing.
Hahaha and how are you feeling now.
Feel like talking to us. Answering a few questions.
Well as I've said we've heard about you. We are interested in your case. We want to help you.
No time no time yes. Sit sit sit. Alex sits next to him.
I've been doing nothing I shouldn't sir. The millicents have nothing on me brother sir I mean. Deltoid pulls Alex down on the bed.
Nobody's got anything on me brother sir. I've been out of the rookers of the milicents for a long time now.
I've just come back from the hospital. Your victim has died.
It's alright thank you.
I beg your pardon.
Um oh no sir not exactly I still feel very miserable very much down in spirits.
Yes sir and a very lovely place it is too sir when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain.
Where is he now sir.
Mmmm possibly. Yes. But public opinion has a way of changing and you Alex if I may call you Alex.
Hullo lad. What a surprise good to see you.
Keeping fit then.
Well still the same old place then eh.
Hey Dad there's a strange fella sitting on the sofa there munchy- wunching lomticks of toast.
What's gonna happen to me then. I mean that's my room he's in - there's no denying that. This is my home also. What suggestions have you my Pee and Em to make.
What do I want.
Crime.
Do you mean Church of England.
How're you feeling this morning.
Vitamins will it be then.
You mean like going to the pictures.
Well that was a very promising start. By my calculations you should be starting to feel alright again. Yes. Dr. Brodsky's pleased with you. Now tomorrow there'll be two sessions of course morning and afternoon.
You mean I have to viddy two sessions in one day.
Good. I'm doctor Taylor.
Oh.
Isn't the plumage beautiful.
Jamey Mack. Be the hokey fly. Holy Mother of God. All the Holy Angels and blessed saints in Heaven preserve us. Alex breaks away but the Tramp toddles alongside him.
They laughed at me blood and me moans. This murderous young pig is a prize specimen of the cowardly brutal young. He is in our midst and at our mercy. Give it to him. That's it. Old Tramps begin to beat at Alex.
I've done my best have I not.
Father - may I ask you a question in private.
Where did you hear about this. Whose been talking about these things.
One shirt - blue collar attached.
Very good Chief. They inspect cells.
The shiny stuff. The Ice. The big big big money is available's what Will the English says.
Cram criminals together and what do you get - concentrated criminality crime in the midst of punishment.
Hi ya' doin'. Where to.
Sixth is faster.
No no way I couldn't take that
Max I'm scared. Are you sure.
Comin' over Coldwater. Goddamn deer jumps out in front of me. You believe that.
I was heading back to my garage. It's on the way.
Get outta here. You and Louis.
What.
Federal.
You think I wanted to come here tonight. You think I'm that stupid. Sometimes shit happens you gotta roll with it.
Dmitri <u>Gusunov.</u> What the fuck why. Forget about Dimitri Feds are all over him. They're a heartbeat away from taking him down. Word's gone out they don't want us anywhere near him
Cabbie drove around all night. Three people got killed.
I never bought that.
Oh.
Happy to meet you Mrs. Rilke.
It's nothing.
I've been calling and calling.
By worrying about you spending money on foolish things. So I can watch them wilt.
How long you think this'll take.
Twenty-four minutes. Man you're hot
He fell on my cab. From up th-th-there.
You better.
Yes.
Don't take that. Tell him to shut the fuck up.
I don't understand
But hey some good news. This last one put me way ahead of schedule. We've actually got some time to kill. Jazz. You like jazz.
I'mwhat. Sorry.
Fuck. Nothing's ever goddamn good enough. It's always been that way.
I'm sorry.
You're gonna be me. You're gonna go in and you're gonna get the info on the remaining two hits.
Washington and Holt. Dance club called Fever. Know it.
Yeah so what's wrong with that.
Head towards Union Station.
What's at Union Station.
There you go.
Whyn't you kill me and find another cab.
Slow the hell down.
Well. That was brilliant.
I was only going one way.
Drop me off here.
Look I'm sorry 
I can't promise you anything.
People do have heart attacks.
You expect me to believe what that someone came in here last night. Gave that guy something that stopped his heart.
Six months. Eleven days.
You have the right to ask me certain personal questions.
That's it.
So why are they after you.
You okay.
What are you doing.
You gave me an hour; now give me a day.
It was that painting. The one on the wall.
I'll give you 100 bucks if you leave right now.
Please put it down.
Elaborate on 'they' okay.
There are all kinds of groups all kinds of initials. But they're all part of two warring factions. One: families that have held wealth for centuries. They want one thing. Stability. Group Two: the boat rockers. Eisenhower's military industrial complex. They want instability. It's a trillion dollar a year business. When there isn't a hot war they make a cold one.
What was he doing down here. A billionaire waiting for the subway. Why not drown him in a bus. Why drown him at all. Why not shoot him. Is the hitman from the lost world of Atlantis. I mean come on.
They're big details Jerry.
A water main broke.
I don't. I know you wouldn't.
Someone else might call it stalking. My dad felt it. He started carrying a gun.
They'll trace it.
Without a song in my heart.
It's up. Love gives you wings. You can fly away from here.
I'll do it. On one condition. I want to make sure she's okay.
Alright. You can see her. But she can't see you.
M.K. ULTRA was terminated in 1973. But not the research. It was renamed. EX CATCHER.
Terminal.
If I had any idea what to charge you with or how to prove it I'd arrest you right here.
Jerry told me he bit your nose.
If this was a spy novel your next words would be something like I now know too much to live. Why are you telling me all this.
What gave me away.
Pull the plug. Get her out of there.
I'm not. You're far too promising a scientist to waste your considerable gifts on this nonsense 
What if you're wrong. No I'll grant you probabilities but as a scientist without all the evidence you can't deny the possibility and I believe even the remotest possibility of something this profoundly profound is worth investigation and worth taking a few risks.
The point is this isn't just scientific inquiry anymore it's turned into some kind of personal obsession.
You mean 
David 
Because you cut it from the budget three years running.
Got a bogey boss.
 I don't understand it. All I can think is that maybe because the video gear wasn't accounted for in the original plans it somehow violated the integrity of the design.
So. Are you an hallucination. Or are little gear trains and circuit boards under your skin.
Originally just another species like yourselves. Well not like you at all actually but
The scale it's just So all the civilizations you detect; they all end up coming here.
Not all. Some choose to stay at home and dream their dreams. Some never make it this far.
Am I one or many.
 all those voices you gather them all together. Millions of intelligences in one consciousness and now we're a part of it.
S.R. Hadden You compromised our security codes.
Yes. A shame. Still it'd be worse if they died for nothing.
You sound like Joseph. You think the world ends with the millennium.
The systems integration site.
You're implying that the whole selection process is a sham.
He's an incredible prick but I never learned so much in my life.
'Any sufficiently advanced technology'
'My father's house has many mansions.'
Ellie the last time we spoke I said some things
I do seem to be Maybe because I'm just a little bit terrified about tomorrow.
I'm sorry.
 I don't know 
Ellie there is no reason you have to be alone.
Hi.
I'm not sure it's come to that.
In other words God works in mysterious ways
Nobody is proposing we censor the truth here Doctor. We're simply talking about putting a mechanism in place 
I don't know. Maybe we built the damn thing wrong. Maybe it was all a hoax The safest thing would probably be to do a Chernobyl; encase it in concrete.
Fifty cents. Sweet job like that worth at least a buck.
Hot damn Drag. Tomorrow's Saturday. Another week almost made.
Yeah well Arletta you done your best. What I done with myself is my problem.
Oh I had me some high old times. Yore old man Luke wasn't much for stickin' around but damn it he made me laugh.
She took off with that convertible feller
You was eyeballin' Luke. You can't gitcha mind on them weeds if yer eyeballin'
Here's the Patrol.
Newmeat looks like a poker player Drag.
Come on Drag. Lemme take a look.
Oh we got our sources Tearing the heads off what was it gumball machines. What kind of thing is that for a grown man.
Fifty's a nice round number.
'Atsa sign I got me an affectionate nature.
Luke you got to listen to me. All you got to do is just give up nice and quiet just play it cool.
Dragline gives out the names here. You'll get yours when he figures you out.
Nobody kin eat fifty eggs.
All right now: get mad at them eggs. Eat it there boy. Bite it. Gnaw on it.
Oh Lord.
Ana paira ninas. Koko's the brains.
Are you kidding. You buy enough gourmet junk every week most of which <u>rots</u> to garage a fleet of stretch limos.
He can't phone you unless the warden gets an okay from you. Did you give him an approval.
Monsieur Andy disapproves of my coiffure.
You bastard.
We'll get the paramedics
Tell her about <u>what</u>.
And you believed him when he told you he had done that.
We know Send the book to evidence
What book.
Kurten. Is he bothering you. I told that son I'd send him what he wanted if he leave you alone.
Ah ha. What did he want.
I need her; she's a cop. I have to kill a cop and then
Yes. I do. I want it to end now. Let her go. I'll come just let her go. She's not important.
Well let's thank God you and Inspector Goetz are on the case then.
It was a lover or a husband. Someone close. Somebody who knew her and cared about her.
Why imitate a dead serial killer.
I'm going to put a guard on your door.
Maybe that's why you can't catch him. I <u>know</u> what she looks like the red-headed woman in my computer.
He's going home. He slept over because I was a little anxious
I turned it off. It's like an open window he can climb right in
That little Winona Ryder manner you're more convincing as Clint Eastwood.
What happened to you.
I just thought it was so unprofessional. Of you both.
You're exhausted. Let me get you a brandy.
If there's a one percent possibil- ity can you live with yourself when he kills again.
It's a game they like to play. Berkowitz Son of Sam hung around the crime scene talking to the cops. This one's probably watching <u>you</u> laughing at you.
It's gone. The file's not here. What did you do.
The problem for me is you're in the witness category. Know what I mean.
The lock
I'll get a locksmith.
Ma'am please get out of your vehicle
You've been very useful Doctor we appreciate all you've done and now the professional will take over
Okay.
Who came in after you.
Because it's your job that's all.
Not what I meant; why <u>me</u>.
Working late. You're a damn fool.
You got that right Nikko it's none of your business.
Christ. I didn't lock the fucking drawer. You spend twenty years thinking some perp's gonna whack you you'll crash your car but what happens is you fuck yourself You can't imagine how many times I saw you two your head together I wish him dead. Every time Want to hear something weird. I feel like I'd give my life to bring him back.
Answer it.
Excuse me. <u>Excuse me</u>. What do you
This is the anniversary of the summer of love and your city fathers have declared a Festival of Love. The Mayor and Chamber of Commerce don't want TV announcing killers on the loose.
What are you looking at that for. Helen Hudson. Work the clues.
My car not yours. Yours is a complete wreck. The police dragged it to the pound behind the station.
He's very pale. Covered with scars.
After this sort of thing how do people manage to look at a car let alone drive one. I'm trying to find Charles's car.
What is it.
Is that why you drive this car. I take it that you see Kennedy's assassination as a special kind of car-crash.
I need to see you Ballard. I need to talk to you about the project.
The question Letty is how are you feeling.
Go ahead and put the guard back up Letty. But you need to know what you're dealing with.
I don't need a lecture.  I care about Michael.
Please Letty.
Everything's ready for tomorrow nightexcept the artillery.
Fuck me.
That settles it. I'm never leaving.
Paul could pop the question at any time.
I'm here Sweetheart. I'm here. It's going to be OK.
Oh Letty what happened.
Maybe I should talk about this with Ruth or Paul.
I will Dear. I promise. Why McDonald's.
Yeah.
You can only do what feels best to you now.
Very romantic setting.
What have you done with the ring.
I won't do your portion of kitchen cleanup.
A daisy for the lady.
Thanks.  Where've you been all day.
I just want to see Beast. Where would you go.
Your family just met me.
Just checking.
Do you like it.
How can you not like the Top 10 List.
Yeah.
Sounds grim.
Promise. As long as we have steak.
I saw you talking to my Mom.
What do you mean not taking your meds.
Silly silly silly.
I sure know what that feels like.
Would that really be such a good idea for either of us.
I guess I should go now.
Believe me I know your feelings on the matter.
I was thinking dinner on Friday with James and Meg at the Saint Mark.
It's just I've got those parent conferences and I'm supposed to set up the math program by next week. And shopping for Ruth's dress and that that engagement dinner.
I hope you like it. It's a Marquis cut 1.5 carats. They had one with emeralds around it but this was simpler more classic in its lines. Letty.
No
I'm just glad there aren't any hard feelings.
I'm glad you're doing well.
A pass.
A pass. How you gonna give me a pass. A witness can put me at the crime scene.
Fuck Bastaldi and his brother. These tapes are gold. Do you have any idea what Zammito would pay to get them back.
It's me
No.
Where's your brother.
Hey Daniel. Hello. Do you guys speak English.
Uh yeah.
C'mon Laurant America.
Daniel. Listen I'm afraid there has been a big
 Super what.
Why are you here.
Frankie come in. Good to see you.   You want something.
Uh no 
Your own brother. You couldn't send someone else to do it.
What is happening with the world. There was a time no civilian would touch a made man. Now every babbo in the world thinks he can get away with something. What did they take.
I assume you want something.
And for my help I would get what.
You know what makes a good get away driver. Being able to get away.
Why do I always have to answer the phone.
Why is everything an argument with you.
You want Zero to kill him.
Bring me the scissors.
That's an excellent plan.   Very comforting.
Do I.
We had a chance to walk out of Zammito's house.
You didn't think it was little suspicious that someone you only knew for a few hours wanted to sleep with you.
It makes sense. I mean do you really think he would come along if he knew we were being set up.
Don't bullshit me.
I've got a way with people.
Hey idiot I've got stolen wheels and a stolen radio in the car.
Everything.
Well I must say you're handling it very well.
What'd you guys find.
What hotel.
I'm telling you I've pulled out everything in the safe. There aren't any jewels.
And he gave it to us.  145 Ridgeway Road.
No wonder Zammito didn't want us to walk out with this stuff. He's planning on killing Bonanno and taking over the family.
Pink panther black panther. Who gives a shit. And I don't remember asking you a God Damn thing you little turd.
Yeah I can see that.
You guys used to work together.
How.
How are we going to do that.
When do we go.
You ever hear of jet lag.
You ask a lot of questions.
I'm sorry things went so wrong today.
What are you doing.
I really thought we had something special going. I can't tell you what a disappointment you've turned out to be.
Who are you waiting for.
Yeah. I mean besides that.  They treating you all right. Food okay.
Oh really. Thanks. I thought it was a sewing machine. What the hell is it doing here.
I don't care about your sword.
Why do you want to teach me.
I'm just playing around.
Shut up.
You don't seem to understand.
Go to bed then. Miss has grown up and is getting married soon. God knows what the future will bring.
You're too young to understand.
Yes I am. But I prefer the machete. Certain moves however call for a sword.
But you're just like the characters in the stories.
I'll give them to you.
You know about Lo.
What I've always wanted to teach you.
Lo.
No more hitting on the head. All this trouble for a comb.
Give me back my comb.
When I was a boy one night I saw a thousand shooting stars. I thought where did they all go. I'm an orphan. I used to look for stars alone. I thought if I rode to the other end of the desert I'd find them. I've been riding in the desert ever since.
Go.
Why. You're a Wudan fighter. Training is everything.
You were enlightened.
I am. He has always been our greatest protector.
No not yet
No I'd already sent them home. You can blame me for losing the sword but please trust that I'll get it back soon using my own methods.
It's not our affair. Even if Wudan accepts her her husband might object.
Jade Fox drugged her. How did you get here.
Madam Te is certainly spoiling us with these wedding gifts. She's being so considerate.
No mercy will be shown toward the murderer who turned up in Peking.
If you surrender now you'll suffer less. But if you resist I won't stop until you're dead.
Sir Te. It has brought him as much trouble as glory. Help him to leave these troubles behind. Otherwise he'll never be able to start anew.
Talent. Hi.
Just don't tell me you owe me one. What file.
It's only a flesh wound.
At least it finally stopped raining.
Who.
Mister Funboy lives there.
Can you play Teddy Bears' Picnic. It used to be her favorite.
Does she have a name.
Now do you get to see her. Shelly I mean.
Well how's your friend.
I'm looking for a good guitar man.
I want you to tell me a story Tin-Tin.
Another jolly nickname.
Yes.
Get it.
You need to learn to mind your own business or you'll never get where you think you're going.
Coupla more rings 24k.
What's this a little ah bloodstain right. Fifty bucks for the box and I'm doin' you a 
No shooting.
Now I remember. Annette Harrison. Your father's the new headmaster at Oakwood.
That's right.
I have his journal.
Really. I thought he said it all the time.
No. I mean. I don't know. What else do you know about him.
You did.
I wasn't knocking anything. It's just my belief that people shouldn't actually experience the act of love until they are in love and that people our age are too immature to be in touch with those emotions.
Who the hell is taking the time to write letters spreading this shit about me.
You talking to me.
You need help.
About what.
I never said that.
You're naked.
It was fine.
Ouch. Do you think we could spend some time together this morning.
What.
Of Human Bondage.
What.
I don't.
I am lighten. Can we drop this.
I thought you said we were going to be friends.
Yes.
Please don't go.
I'm fine. I have to get going to my friends' house. Was it 
Hi.
It's not you it's me. I'm completely fucked up.
You don't even know me. The fact of the matter is there is some one I love. She's smarter prettier you don't even compare to her. The only reason I am here is because she wants us to be exclusive.
German.
- none taken -
Too bad he's in Kansas this summer.
Hmmm. I do believe Bravo is showing Spartacus on television tonight.
Are you for real.
Okay.
No.
Why.
Cecile if there's one thing I'm great at it's love letters. With my help he'll be eating out of the palm of your hand. Perhaps we can arrange a little get together for the two of you at my house.
Why didn't you do something.
Well did you like it.
What year are you in.
Just taking your photo.
Okay okay. I'll just call your mom and have her come pick you up.
You think.
It works a little.
I hope for your sake you grow out of this immature phase. It's going to get you into trouble.
He told me he loved me and I believed him.
Greg is that you under the covers.
And you think she bought it.
Sebastian you faggot. Is she with you.
I told you I don't know.
Yeah.
What's wrong.
What do you mean.
Will you stay here for the night. You can leave in the morning. That's when my parents get back and 
Cecile's attending Oakwood in the fall.
Lovely. How is your gold digging whore of a mother enjoying Bali. Zipping through my inheritance per usual.
In any event my feelings were hurt when I learned that he had fallen for someone else. Someone chaste pure innocent.
Because if there's an attack made on Court it could be traced back to me. I can't allow that to happen. Everybody loves me and I intend to keep it that way.
Sounds intriguing.
If you lose then that hot little Porsche of yours is mine.
Even there.
Fuck her yet.
The plot thickens. It appears that Cecile has fallen for her music teacher.
Ooo I'm sure Mrs. Caldwell will love that.
You're telling me you had the chance to fuck her and you didn't. God are you a chump.
You didn't.
P-whipped p-whipped.
I've never done this before.
How have you dumped girls in the past.
Come again.
I can't tell you how happy we are that Cecile is going to be attending Oakwood with you this fall. You've always been an inspiration to Beau and I on raising her. We just hope she can rise to the high standards which you've set for her.
Don't worry it's totally understandable. Most of the boys that matriculate at Oakwood are very upstanding gentleman however there are the occasional bad apples.
Who the hell do you think you are.
First of all maam I never touched your daughter and second I would like to think that in these times someone of your status could look beyond racial lines.
Kathryn. Oh Christ she got to you too.
It's one of the clearest memories I have. Twelfth nightburning pine and mummers' plays.
You mustn't tell anybody or it won't come true.
I wonder if you don't resent that in her.
Where is everybody.
What do you mean.
I called not only the Boyds but the Irvings. Neither of them received invitations.
You're shouting at me.
Some day I'm afraid we're going to have to tell her about Irena.
What's funny.
I live right here.
What do you want. Amy.
Can't you tell me later.
And this one's for Mrs. Farren.
Amy there's nothing there. There's no one at all in the garden.
Yes she was afraid. She said there was someone who wanted to kill me.
You called me by my name.
For always then. Only you must promise never to tell anyone about me
Can't you get it darling.
Of course. And Two is the prince who kneels before her on one knee.
Yes yes. I see Prince
That one's an elm.
Merry Christmas.
It's youIrenamy friend.
Oh it is it is. Death's terrible.
Getting the yard all fixed up for your party Amy. You'd better hurry and get yourself fixed up too.
A lady threw it to me.
It's a pretty ring.
Mustn't look little miss. Mustn't look.
Probably hit by a car. Hard to see things in the twilight.
Because it can't. It's dead.
She's always spying on me. She creeps into the room. She lives upstairs yet she's always watching me — always.
I brought you a present. Merry Christmas.
Hurry.
Good night mother good night.
Yes everything's all right Edward.
When I first heard all that talk about you going down to the school to see the teacher I got really afeard. I thought maybe you night call off this birthday party and me with the cake already in the oven.
Well ma'am the truth is I gave them to Amy hersolf to post.
Amy looks happy — seems almost as if she were playing with another child; like somebody else were running with her and playing.
But don't you seeit's just what I was about to say to AliceAmy in her own mind may not be lying.
But we have. She's wanted for nothing.
It all starts with them going to the bathroom together.
No one I've run into knows what coyote ugly means.
You shouldn't smoke. It'll kill you.
Frida I don't mean this as a criticism but you might not want to talk about PMS around men.
I get a little bloated sometimes.
I think she broke the skin.
Why did Gregory ask me out. I mean he's cute he probably just wants to pitch his screenplay idea.
Maybe they have to pee.
I never thought of it like that. I never know what to do on dates. Do guys still pay.
He's dead. Am I bad luck or what.
Hmmm. Sounds suspicious.
Bag means condom now. I can't keep up with the word bag. It used to be No that's not my bag meaning not my thing. But now my bag means my fault.
I can't help it. My bra wouldn't even fit. I've been going to Victoria's Secret and exchanging bras for bigger ones and still I'm busting out. It's this PMS.
Frida listen to yourself. If I said I was a werewolf would you believe me.
I've been here. What day is it.
He's been here all night.
DON'T call the police.
Why not. There's been a murder.
How could I. I'm helping you clean up Mark's remains and you ask how could I cheat on George.
You're right. It's just I can't cover up a murder so George won't know you're cheating.
Fuck it's the cops. Peter saw me now I have to let him in.
Let's do some research. I'll check the libraries. You surf the web.
Fall in love.
I tried to kill myself earlier. It doesn't work. I think I need silver bullets. So I got depressed and when I'm depressed I clean.
I do development for TV movies.
You hungry.
You should have gone at the restaurant.
What you got a date or somethin'.
You never say that.
You do though. You look really is that a wonderbra.
Frida you know you're it for me.
Wow.
No no this is embarrassing. I was returning your pillowcase and I saw you cross the street and I sort of started following you. I just find you really intriguing. I don't know why.
Oh nothing's wrong. Just well don't you have your period.
Like I had to say it. No I wanted to say it.
You know I've never seen your cat.
I'm not afraid. Frida. I love you.
Can't you bite me and then I'll be like you.
Maybe we should have children. I don't think I'd kill the father of my child.
No way can anything be proved. All they have are some wolf hairs. No one believes in werewolves.
Cause I'm a fucking werewolf.
We can get a warrant if you like.
He was saying that when women are close friends they get their periods at the same time.
You're some catch Lloyd.
That dude was torn limb from limb. No way a woman like that could have done it. You never seen blood on a chick's sheets from her period.
Deal. And if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away shoot him.
Yeah okay. I still say Frida's involved. She's the last one to see two dudes alive
It has to be Frida. This makes three guys ripped apart who are tied to her ass.
Just visiting my patient.
Good.
Who is it.
People after me.
Can't let you in sorry.
Such a joker. Like your father.
Yes.
Then we must call the police.
It's the truth I need you. I know you're innocent.
How do I get there. Tell me.
Don't say a .
What.
They barely talk anymore.
Dave
Now when she comes in we'll move you right out to the balcony. All you have to say is `thanks for doing this Ellen.'
What do you think you're doing.
She's a little hysterical right now. We've got her upstairs in a laundry room.
Nightmare
Look at some point we're going to have to call the Vice President
Bob
A condition
What about her.
If we find nothing we get creative. Just make something up. Instead of a couple weeks it'll be a couple of months. The whole thing is under control.
It's gonna be great. 'Caring about his wife.' 'Spending time on her favorite issue'
And look at this. Russell came around on the trade bill.
Bob
You could buy it on payments.
You know on an empty road where you know it's safe and nobody's around
Right. Now whenever he stands at a Podium the President always puts one hand in the pocket of his coat
 Somewhere there is a distant light guiding us through this rocky shoal'
Gimme a quarter.
Alan
Yes but I wouldn't
So you just protect the President the whole time.  That's your whole job.
I was waiting for that jack.
`Bleed for your king.'
The Vice-President
 . Ellen.
I saw the light. I thought maybe you were up.
That was quite a thing you did today.
You're leaving.
How were you gonna get home.
So what do you do the rest of the time.
Yes.
What.
They're crucifying you out there.
After hanging up there a few days you will be mad for foodcrazed. You will lust for it. YOU WILL BE WORSE THAN ANY OF THEM.
Then why did you come here.
His madness.could be from shock.
You'd hold us back. We have to go on.
Tonight.
Governor Dickerson. Of Florida.
I'm sure that's true miss. And that's why we're doin' what we're doin'. What's happenin' underground here is just what Lucifer planned for this sinful race o' man. But we're gonna beat Lucifer. We're gonna put an end to what's happenin' here.
Oh what did I run into. A bunch o' Jesus nuts. Religiosos. Prayer won't stop a bullet from one of those storm troopers and prayer won't keep one of those monsters from eatin' your liver for lunch.
Look. I BEEN fightin' mister. I been fightin' for what feels like a hundred years and I'm finished. I don't need religion. I don't need prayers. I need a couple guns and a couple hands. We can sail on outa here. Find another island where there ain't so much.traffic.
Datura. Miguel knew it. Datura he was shouting. Datura Metel.
I'm gonna have this stuff sent over to the hospital
TONY.TONY.
Aaaaaaahmy Godmy GodI am heartily sorryfor having offended Thee.offended Thee
God.damn you Rhodes.
You better not mess with me Rhodes. I'd love to serve your balls to those Red Coats for lunch. Think about it.
They're townies.
Knox you gotta calm down.
Can you believe it. She was gonna call me. She invited me to a party with her.
All right. I'll try anything once.
I don't know what misguided impulse caused you to pull that ridiculous stunt Mr. Dalton but whatever it was I hope you've learned your lesson.
Like if nothing else the opportunity to attend my classes understand.
That's right it's Nuwanda.
Yes sir. We were just talking about that.
I went to the woods because I wanted to live deliberately. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life.
What good will that do.
Sort of.
Oh hi. I'm glad you made it. Did you bring anybody.
No.
If they catch you here we'll both be in big trouble.
Mr. Overstreet I suggest you worry less about breaking old habits and more about developing good study habits. Do you understand.
This was my first classroom John did you know that. My first desk.
A yawp.
A madman.
A madman. Perhaps he was. What kind of madman. Don't think. Answer.
Use your imagination. First thing that pops to your mind even if it's gibberish.
A A sweaty-toothed madman.
Maybe they don't want worldly things distracting me from my teaching.
You really think I should forget her.
Where are you going.
If you have built castles in the air your work need not be lost. That is where they should be. Now put foundations under them.
You know me always taking on too much.
I don't care if the world is coming to an end tomorrow night you are through with that play. Is that clear. Is that clear.
I hear we're going to be roommates. Neil Perry.
My parents wanted me here all along but my grades weren't good enough. I had to go to Balincrest to pull them up.
So what do you think of my father.
I don't want to read.
Found what.
I know that. What's it got to do with you.
Why don't you ask him first. Maybe he'll say yes.
What is that supposed to mean.
No I want you in. But being in means you gotta do something. Not just say you're in.
Er No.
Neil how are you gonna do this.
This is your desk set. I don't get it.
Who.
Who gives a shit about aft.
Now look what you did.
What are those things.
Hey. Hey. Where are you going.
Since I'm a kid I had this dream I want to own my own tropical island Beaches warm ocean lots of food little clothespopulation of one
What is it.
A meat locker.
If you blow up your boat how are we going to get to the island.
How about noise. Can you get noise. We don't need speed just noise right.
Three minutesI'm not backno matter whatyou go
Don't shoot. Don't shoot.
Joey you want to get sucked out by a giant fucking mutated squid.
I think we gotta stop floating from one fucked up situation to the next
Why don't you back off.
Don't shoot man don't shoot.
Yeah.
You want 'em.
What.
Maxie. Hey Maxie wha'd'ya say.
They did too.
Where the hell were you. We were all set beer broads. Right. Am I right.
I do
Couple of weeks Listen 
He's serious. Vince is fuckin' serious.
Nick. Nick you'll kill him. Easy. Nick easy. Hey hey. Vince goes back a long way.
But you must come in.
Ah. Merle. And you know Merle.
Thanks.
Hey Nick
Sal.
Please. Please mister please. This is vital I go to Saigon. This is very important. Most important.
Listen Biederman I'm going to club you into the floor unless you tell me what the fuck is so important.
I don't know what we've been waiting for.
I thought Oh Nick I thought you were hurt some accident. Maybe you fell or maybe some car I thought someone stole you away.
How are you.
Frost.
Does this I mean how does this job work out.
No-o-o.
I'll kill 'em. Anybody bothers you I'll kill 'em.
What are you doing.
You're going hunting.
I'm just so lonely.
Up north.
Won't we. Right. Am I right.
I know.
Who's a yo-yo. Who do you think's a yo-yo. They're all yo yo's. I mean they're all great guys for Christ's sake but The point is Nick without you I'd hunt alone. Seriously. I would. That's what I'd do.
Pow.
It's ahead by the tree.
I'm telling you Nick no one's going to come.
What are you hoping.
Forget Sal.
We what.
We gotta play with more bullets Nick. It's the only way.
More bullets in the gun The trouble is that still leaves one of us with his hands tied up so that means we gotta play each other.
Three bullets minimum.
Merle. Jesus. Hey how are you.
Merle gave me this.
It's okay. Hey it's okay. Just a week. Just to see Phantom Mary.
Well Phantom Mary's on my mother's side. Naturally no one there admits it because Phantom Mary's pretty weird You want to hear the whole story.
You loaded it Vince. I saw you.
Up.
Down.
No chance. Not their sector. They ain't even into things this big. Our zone-boy's performing out of a horror show. Something else. Unit nine found a couple cold ones in Hollywood. One Manny Turner. Gun runner. Sounds like a connection to me.
Jesus. Sweet Jesus. We've got trouble.
Talk fast. Polls open in half an hour.
Well you've just been taken off the bench.
You can't kill me. I'm going to be Mayor tomorrow.
Just got the call. Took him from school. Bastard nailed the Vice- Principal and a teacher.
You were planning to send me back to the ice house. You set me up.
What do you mean he's escaped. They're not supposed to escape.
You okay.
You sure. I can help you.
You have to use the steering wheel to turn. The pedal for gas
We don't know that for sure. We'll have to wait until they move.
I also PVC'd you. Youngest Officer promoted to Sergeant. Two CMs. Four honor medals
Engaged. Plan on doing it this summer. You still married.
Two lousy smokes. You're a real sport.
Sanchez.
Yeah.
No. I want to be with you.
Jesus Sanchez what do you think you're doin'. That's flatfoot data. You're not supposed to have access to that.
But he was such a good cop.
You could always take it off.
Papers. Last Medcheck two weeks ago. A-1. Disease free. Guaranteed by the State.
Jabez. Careful 
Jabez .
You're not resting well are you. I know it's that music. You need your sleep. Is there anything else you want.
Well I thought he'd come in the middle.
Hello Stevens you're early today.
Huh. What's that. Well what about it. Who cares anyhow.
Do you deny that you called me. I've known people in other States who went back on their word. But I didn't expect it in New Hampshire.
You can't say that to me. I'm New Hampshire. If I say I called you I did. I guess I did.
Oh you know the old story the Hessian wagon train that was ambushed on the way to Saratoga. Some of the gold has been buried under your barn.
Oh come Neighbor Stone. I wouldn't cut that tree if I were you. It means a breach of contract.
Why Mr. Stone you look so worried. Can I be of any service.
He ain't dead he's dancing in there.
Oh no you violated clause five of our contract and I could collect right now if I chose.
Suddenly you seem quite desperate Mr. Stone  You know I'm a good-natured man. I'm always open to reason. With a little security I might
No. No. No. Not him not my son I'd rather go with you right now.
Jabez Stone did you or did you not sign this document.
Yes yes I am the richest man too rich. I can't think of anything but money. That's the trouble with me.
You know darn well it is.
You win. Will you ride to the village with me Mr. Stone.
No you haven't time You haven't time for your mother or your wife or your child.
Why good morning Squire.
Oh.
The only one you missed is the President.
You mean that's all you had me come out here for.
To save us work on the spring plowing.
Jabez you ought to talk to Tom about joining the Grange.
Oh Jabez. And we were counting on  It's a lovely calf.
What do you think of that Jabez.
Worried.
I'll never get my washing done.
Mr. Webster Wait.  Mary.
Jabez. What kind of talk is that for the Sabbath. And me a-reading the holy word.
Hard luck like me.
Well thank the Lord you can always depend on New England for weather. We've got enough for the whole United States.
Ma and yet a man could change that couldn't he.
Now that's the way to talk Son. I know you worked hard for that crop. But we'll make out.
Mary Jabez 
No really thank you. Is Mrs. Webster coming back soon.
Of course not 
No you wouldn't You're not the sort of woman that's afraid of smoke or fire But now let's talk about your affairs.
You don't have to defend him to me Mary I've been called names myself.
I do. If I can't win this case with a jury you shall have me too. If two New Hampshire men aren't a match for the devil we'd better give this country back to the Indians.
Let it be the quick or the dead So it is an American judge and an American jury.
She had a good job it turned into a great career.
But meant her moving here.
 ten blocks. Are you crazy. It's Christmas Eve thousands of people the Mayor'll scream bloody murder 
John I think you could get with the program a little. The police are here now. It's their problem. Tell these guys where the detonators are so no one else gets hurt. Hey I'm putting my life on the line for you buddy
It's beautiful. I always enjoyed models as a boy. The exactness the attention to every foreseeable detail perfection.
The code key please.
I'm afraid not. But you have me at a loss you know my name but who are you. Just another American who saw too many movies as a child. Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John WayneRambo Marshal Dillion.
Better than being caught with your pants down right. John McClane.
Put it down now.
I'm going to count to three
Whoa Hans now you're the cowboy.
Thirty minutes to break the code Two hours for the five mechanicals. The seventh lockthat's out of my hands.
the circuits that cannot be cut are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incidentYou ask for miracles TheoI give you the FBI
Oh. What idiot put you in charge.
Mr. Takagi chose his people well Mrs.
OhWhere does he live.
Especially my name. You must miss it every time you write a check. When did you start calling yourself 'Ms. Gennero'.
Sure. It's unnerving. I remember this one particular married woman she went out the door so fast there was practically a jetwashI mean talk about your wind chill factor
Powell. What's going on.
LookI'm getting a bad feeling up hereI'd like you to do something for me. Look up my wifedon't ask how you'll know by thenand tell hertell herI've been a jerk. When things panned out for her I should've been behind her all the way We had something great going until I screwed it upShe was the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me. She's heard me say I love you a thousand times but she never got to hear thishoneyI'm sorry. You get all that.
What's it look like. We're going in.
Going inare you out of your mind. There's 30 hostages in there for all we know 
 all we know. We don't know shit Powell. If there's hostages why hasn't anyone asked for ransom. If there's terrorists where's their goddamn list of demands. All we know is that someone shot up your car and it could be the same flake you've been talking to on the radio.
Goddamn didn't you hear him. He practically pulled the Goddamned trigger himself he gave that man to them 
He's alone tired hunted and hasn't seen diddly-squat from us and you think he gives a flying fuck about what you're going to do to him. Robinson wake up and smell the shit you're shoveling.
If you're right I'm gonna back you a hundred percent you know that.
God damn it Sheila isn't gonna believe it. They just call in and say gas up a stretchout and get it down to and I say 'shit another load of Elks for the massage parlors.'
You'll be okay.
They don't know I sent them to the neighbors. Sonny Jesus it's not like you. I can't believe because you never hurt anybody since the day I knew you.
Well how'll I get home.
I don't know what I'm gonna do you know. Boy I'm dying.
Denmark. Sweden.
Sonny would you please just tell them please
Yeah.
Yeah I knew it. But what choice do I have. I'm in the hospital; they drag me out of the hospital bring me down here
All right. He didn't do it. All right. Now would you get the fuck off the phone. I'll bet that really changed them huh. Anyway Leon did I do it for you.
Yeah huh thank you. I'm going to go back Sonny to the hospital. They're really nice people. They're really trying to help me.
If he won't listen to you who will he listen to.
Yeah.
I'm not alone.
Sonny-boy one word.
Right I'm with you buddy.
Sure like I'm not gonna shoot you.
When I'm bein' fucked I like to be kissed a lot. Who the fuck are you tryin' to con me into some deal. You're a city cop where's the FBI. This is a federal offense I got kidnapping armed robbery they're gonna bury me. You know it you can't talk for them you're some flunky pig tryin' to bullshit me. Now God damn it get somebody in charge here to talk to me.
He wanted to kill me.
It can't happen again I'll do everything I can to stop anything I can 
All right I got some hungry people in there I want to get some pizza some stuff like that 
He's totally unstable. He'll make a mistake.
Hey let him out.
What if I take you with me.
I'm sorry.
You know I like you people I really do.
What is it Sam.
It's up to you ladies.
It was on the TV.
You know you remind me of my 19- year-old brother - only he's got his hair down to his knees - he looks like something that eats berries and roots out of the ground. God forbid I should say something to him like 'Listen if you ever smoke marijuana just remember that it's illegal' and he storms outta the house. You rob a bank but you keep your body pure is that it.
Hey for christ's sake now fuckin' asshole He can't make it.
Ah Jesus
But I want to know what you think.
We won't have to.
All right send them the guard.
Okay Sonny.
I've got a jet. I'll have airport limousine here in a half hour. I want the hostages.
At the airport. We get on the plane check it out and if it's all okay we'll send them out. Except one.
I wouldn't like to but I will if I have to.
Wait a minute. What the fuck you tryin' to tell me.
What can he do he's clean
I ain't eaten all day. I just realized it.
Mom - I got it all worked out; it's over. The best thing is you go home. Watch it on TV.
If she comes down here so help me I'm gonna mash her brains in. Everything in your life was sunlight and roses until you met her. Since then forget it.
I can't Mom. If I come out Sal will kill them.
What the hell for. Twenty-five years in the pen.
How much you have to pay an entertainer to fill this slot.
How much.
What is it Choco.
Alright. Time to ditch this thing. Did you take a look at the bathroom window.
<i>We gotta bring him in.</i>
Will you speak the fucking English language. The poor girl has no clue what you're talking about. The boy speaks English you know. Reads writes I swear it. He does this when he's around girls. Thinks it's cute.
<i>The children like to urinate in the balls.</i>
<i>Remove the right arm.</i>
Claremont you're a chubby chaser.
We need hostages. Celebrity hostages. Just in case this gets ugly. <b> EXT. NEVADA DESERT LATER ON </b> The Cast Winnebago drives through the desert.
That's the rumor on the street.
<i>You drove Lateesha's daughter to school then dropped her off at the DMV. Why.</i>
<i>That's my best friend. His name is Choco. He's always fancied me but too shy to ever do anything about it.</i>
Cunt.
It's Choco. And he's not my boyfriend. He's a bounty hunter.
So Ed. What did you do before you became a bounty hunter.
Cool it Choco.
They need to get the introduction on camera. Just play along alright.
And he used to fuck a Playboy centerfold every night.
Ain't nobody gonna call me a bitch without some payback.
<i>Gotta strip/ Gotta give some lip/ Gotta make my tip/ But keep yo hands to yourself - Cuz you ain't touching these tits.</i>
Yo.
Why it gotta be about jungle music and Africa.
How come you ain't got no brothers up.
How long.
I thank you.
Yes indeed. You almost got yourself killed last night.
Do me a favor. Go to work.
I just come home to take a quick shower.
Yeah then ya should take better care of your responsibilities.
What responsibilities.
Oh it doesn't huh. You got your little 250 dollars a week plus tips
peanuts.
That's why I don't fool with it. Only let you touch itOuch.
It's dug.
Sal just do me a favor leave Jade alone.
Sal if you want me to deliver any faster get me a jet rocket or something cuz I can't run with pizzas all the cheese ends up on one side and shit.
Mookie I always liked you. Not the smartest kid but you're honest. Don't make me dislike you.
Don't even ask about your money. Your money wouldn't even pay for that window you smashed.
Quit bullshitting.
How much. How much do I owe you.
Before I get off work.
Bring some ice cream I'm burning up. Do you love me.
No. No. You won't come back either.
Then we'll do something else.
Tina you're sweating.
Of course I'm sweating. I'm burning up. It's hot moron only a hundred degrees in here.
It's 'pose to be cold.
Smack him back.
Y'know Vito I know Pino is ya brother and shit but the next time he hits ya the next time he touches ya you should house him. Kick his ass.
That's what I think.
I'll do that.
I was going to buy a slice.
Good. I want you to listen.
Good. Vito you trust that Mook too much. So does Pop.
Mookie's OK.
Mookie is not to be trusted. No Moulan Yan can be trusted. The first time you turn your back boom a knife right here. In the back.
C'mere. Don't get too friendly with da Mook.
Turn it off.
Since when do you know what's best for us.
We don't know nuthin' else.
Yeah we're closed. So go away.
Baby listen there's nothing more American than not doing anything and getting away with it.
She's saying a beautiful swan
HARRY.
The name's Walter.
Well save room for Mrs. Matthews famous baked brisket.
Wow just like Marco Polo.
I know I am Mom.
Here I am bragging my Mom is the tooth fairy and I'm talking to Santa's kid.
What.
Yeah it's nice. And your friend TURK is totally great.
Whoa. What was that.
I can't help my heart. And when I'm your dad you'll have to do as I say.
Don't use that tone with me young man.
I didn't know that.
How do you know it's for us.
Well Uhmaybe jeez how can I say this you and I couldperhaps maybeuh partner up.
Shut up.
I kinda screwed things up.
LLOYD what are you doing. That's JESSICA and my mom.
It's okay. I want the rush.
You found my treasure. Why didn't you tell me.
How true. But I still feel I deserve more than you do of this treasure. I mean I found it.
I lugged it all over town.
Damn. What are the odds.
Special Needs class.
He's going to be in jail for a long time.
That's the downside. There is none.
Wait a minute. I can spend the whole year in a class taught by the lunch lady. Can I bring my girlfriend.
So I guess you'll need a new spot for your moonshine.
That's not bad. How about a float of George Washington crossing the Delaware.
 and Principal Collins you'll be pleased to know that this year Wednesdays are South of the Border days. We'll serve a spicy tuna tamale along with a cheese quesadilla.
You know honey I've finally figured out a way of bilking enough money from the school to get us that condo in Waikiki.
We start our own class.
What.
It's a surprise.
I prefer the more ancient term planetologist Noble Born.
You must share with us. EMPEROR The Atreides house is building a secret army. using a technique unknown to us a technique involving sound. The Duke is becoming more popular in the Landsraad he could threaten me. I have ordered House Atreides to occupy Arrakis to mine the spice thus replacing their enemies the Harkonnens. House Atreides will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain. Then at an appointed time Baron Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and launch a sneak attack on House Atreides I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops.
So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides
Is this what you seek.
This is a Harkonnen animal. Let me please my Lord.
I know the Bhotani Jib and Chakobsa all the hunting languages.
Listen to me. you wanted to know about my dreams and I've just had a waking dream do you know why. JESSICA Calm yourself/
No.
Always.
You have strength real strength You shall be known as Usul which is the strength of the base of the pillar. This is your secret name in our troop. But you must choose the name of manhood which we will call you openly.
I hold at your neck the gom jabbar. Don't pull away or you'll feel that poison. A Duke's son must know about many poisons this one kills only animals.
Let us say I suggest you may be human. Your awareness may be powerful enough to control your instincts. Your instincts will be to remove your hand from the box. If you do so you will die. You will feel an itching there see. Now the itching becomes burning heat upon heat upon heat.
Not all of them I know which ones will.
Did they try and fail.
You know I saw you perform Dracula. In Poughkeepsie in 1938.
Oh there's my bus. Shit where's my transfer.
Boy Mr. Lugosi you must lead such an exciting life. When is your next picture coming out.
They were <u>mythic</u>. They had a poetry to them. And you know what else. The women prefer the traditional monsters.
Are you sure this is okay.
Eddie you got a new movie for me.
Uh Eddie do you have my money.
But we need to start off with a bang. Something we <u>know</u> the audience will want to see. Mmm. What was your biggest hit.
I didn't feel well
Bela. I just wanna thank you again for last night.
Well there aren't too many other fellas I'd do it for
I'm sorry Eddie. I'm so sorry.
What happened.
And CUT. PRINT IT. LET'S MOVE ON.
And who may you be.
Incidentally you <u>promise</u> you're not going to scratch my car.
Will he be okay.
Isn't he.
No. A horror movie star.
How can you just walk around like that in front of all these people.
Ed this isn't the real world. You've surrounded yourself with WEIRDOS.
Look on the bright side. If we miss the rent what's the worst they can do.
Ed the landlord called again. He wants his money.
But there's plenty of other parts.
Look how many times can I say I'm sorry. I blew it. I thought she was rich.
You're a fuckin' mess.
But what's our relationship. Are we good friends or is she just a casual acquaintance.
I understand you just moved here.
Really. Well good for you.
Well Mr. Feldman I don't believe in thinking small. So I've got a whole slate of pictures for you: The Vampire's Tomb The Ghoul Goes West and Doctor Acula.
Graverobbers from <u>what</u>.
Here's the scene. Loretta you're in a trance. You glide in and get on the operating table. Now Tor you're supposed to tie her down. But you have an angora fetish and when you rub that swatch of angora it makes you refuse so Bela has to discipline you.
Hey. You're not eatink.
And this is why you think you're the most qualified to make my movie.
And what's with this new title. My poster says I CHANGED MY SEX.
Ed. What's with these revised pages. A scene in a smelting factory. A buffalo stampede. <u>Three-hundred soldiers storming Anzio</u> <u>Beach</u> What's going on here. I can't afford to film this nonsense.
Why. I did all those things. Hell I even built the props.
Hello. You're sleeping in a tuxedo.
Oh hi.
I am. How's your father.
Did you find it boring.
Please. It'll only take a minute. You can have some hors d'oeuvres and meet my backers. There's a really nice dentist from Oxnard
I know what <u>that's</u> like. Anyway I brought a copy of the script. You would play the Ghoul's Wife.
We couldn't afford any more props. If it seems weird maybe you can add a scene where they eat dinner.
What the heck is THIS
Well I was wondering if maybe sometime you'd like to go out and maybe grab some dinner.
No. The bathroom is off limits -and when I go to sleep they go to other programming. Unless I get up. Then they go back on the air. Unless I get up to go to the bathroom I guess then -
No. Kissing and hugging okay but if it's actual sex they have to cut away.
At what point.
Well I don't think you can get more common than me Al.
You know what would be great.
What.
Could we just talk alone for a second. I 
Can I give you one bit of advice. About Shari.
You asked me if I had a dream. I said Sure I have a dream. I just don't know what it is yet.
No. You screwed up my life just so you could get higher ratings. You never gave a shit about me.

What about him did he suffer any or was it quick. I'd hate to think he
What.
You said that.
Yeah. Honey if you're watching this is for you.
Send him away.
Eddie how could you do it. Your brother's girlfriend.
Hey he cheated on her.
He says 
She could've been a nurse.
What's the difference.
If I don't call you Dad it' just because 1 was already a big boy when you came into our lives  or when I thought you came into our lives 
Who.
Oh God. What hospital.
The doctor said you were having sex.
To you. In front of him. With the
Why. How
Why shouldn't I be in a place like this. I'm a whore.
Hi. Is Shari here.
What is she at work.
What does this mean.
Ed look uh you're not getting the job. They're gonna transfer someone from another store to manage this store when I leave to manage the new store. I'm sorry.
I saw this show once. It was about logging. I was home sick there was nothing else on. Do you know how they break up really bad log jams. You know when they're really tangled .
Right.
I'm not. I'm not. I'm just Look you know in a way it's good. He got this out of his system now and he knows it's not worth it and you know someday if you guys got married or something 
I mean bad.
if this  weren't here .
Twenty-nine.
I tried to tell you over the phone my parents went to Atlantic City.
So.
You see how people look at me. Like when they ask for my autograph or say Hi to me It's like I'm a basketball player or a you know like I'm someone.
You weren't able to make me feel safe or secure no easy job for any man I admit and my problem is if I think I'm losing I pull myself out of the game. I bail. See. I told you I'm the love coroner.
What is.
Remember the last guy she got involved with. What was his name.
She didn't know he was a criminal. They had a relationship. They 
Uh no uh I'm a little tired. I fell asleep.
What is this. What's going on who is that.
You brought the cameras here.
Look we gotta talk.
Ray where do you keep the glasses.
The whole time. Eighteen years.
The last two years I've been a limousine driver but I don't see well anymore so
So you saw me on TV and you said Hey let me jump on this.
Hi.
I'm Jill. I really like your show. I think you're great.
Are you busy tomorrow night.
For instance me and my friend Bucky are buying out my boss. His equipment trucks client list the whole shmear.
What does that have to do with .
That Ray was a pig. Ed is doll. You latch on to him honey.
Oh an TV a minute and already an attitude.
How'd it go.
Yeah. No. I mean you know.
What d'you got.
Could you approve them now. I'd like to kick off my campaign right away you know in the morning.
Fuck me Mr. McAllister
I guess you know why you're here
Mr. M. I am running on my qualifications. I would never need to resort to you know to vandalism like a you know Plus my own best banner was torn down. Did I do that too.
I don't know what you're referring to but I do know that if certain older and wiser people hadn't acted like such little babies and gotten all mushy everything would be okay.
Hello Mr. M.
Well I got in everywhere I applied but Cornell is my first choice.
Uh-huh.
So Tracy.
Nowhere. I don't have class until second period.
What is it. Tammy.
I'm the one. I did it. I tore down Paul's posters.
Door was open.
I don't believe you.
More this way.
I can't afford this stuff right now.
No I uh didn't know that
Take me to that motel. Like you wanted.
Yeah. I'm here.
What do you mean.
Huh. Oh. Uh pears
Just one more thing. So Mr. M. uh do you think Tracy's going to be okay. I saw her face after the assembly and I think she's taking it pretty hard.
What.
I mean at you.
No. Uh I just you know I just thought 
Yeah.
We're looking for three colored guys who like to pop off shotguns. One of 'em owns a purple Merc coupe.
You say 'fuck' a lot.
Actually it was two. You're different Officer White. You're the first man in five years who didn't tell me I look like Veronica Lake inside of a minute.
You look better than Veronica Lake. Now <u>Pierce Patchett</u>.
What's going to happen to Stensland. He'll give himself cirrhosis over this. <u>He's one</u> <u>year from his pension</u>.
They're yours. Take them.
First I want to go on record as saying that my Susie was a virgin when she died.
Maybe. I don't know.
Was it a rat.
Then something goes wrong. Meeks gets killed. Maybe Stens got greedy killed Meeks and left him under his girlfriend's house. The night he died Stens was all mysterious. Said he had something big going down.
The Nite Owl. Stensland was going there to sell the heroin.
They didn't find the shotguns. They planted them.
At least not anymore.
I'm a homicide detective. Where were you last night.
We met outside Hollywood Liquors on Christmas Eve. This is where Lynn Bracken's booze bills go.
I don't have one. Lefferts looked beat-up Christmas Eve but didn't act it. How come.
I needed a Rita Hayworth to fill out my little studio.
Wendell White how's tricks <u>paesano</u>.
Meeks is probably in Rio or someplace like that by now.
Bud White what brings you down to the basement.
Dogs got no reason to live.
You guys were arrested this morning but none of you have last night's clothes. <u>You</u> were seen burning them. Add to that the fact that you hid the car you were cruising around in last night and it doesn't look good.
Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis. Yes or no Edmund.
Stensland's a disgrace. Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under. But White is a valuable officer.
Something like that.
Twelve years ago he worked a vice roust with Dick Stensland. They arrested a Pierce Patchett on an extortion scam. Guy ran hookers. He'd have them photographed with their johns then double-dip for some blackmail. Charges got dropped. Insufficient evidence. You were supervising officer on the case and I was wondering if you remember anything about it.
It's not a request. I need to know what White knows. Follow him or I'll have you pulled off 'Badge of Honor.' Permanently.
Yesterday that might've meant something. Pull me off. You'd be doing me a big favor.
What.
I've given up angles for awhile. I just want to solve this thing.
A guy dressed as Santa has been exposing himself to kids in Los Feliz. Apparently sir he's decorated himself.
Why do men and women usually see each other.
Miss Bracken I'm Lieutenant Exley.
Some reality.
Beats me. Look Jackie-Boy a friend of mine just sold some reefer to Matt Reynolds. He's tripping the light fantastic with Tammy Jordan at 2245 Maravilla Hollywood Hills. It's right around the corner.
Contract players at Metro. You pinch 'em. I do you up feature in the next issue. Plus the usual fifty cash. Tell me am I fucking Santa Claus.
Sid it's Vincennes.
What's he doing here Sid.
Sure he just tried to throw me off the force last Christmas as a little joke.
Shut up.
Working whores with squad two.
Me neither but the upshot is I've got color live-action footage of you and Ms Hawkins and it doesn't look good.
Tired of chasing squirrels around the park.
They keep taking the bird seed. I thought since you're the expert on
Who was that other guy.
Who are they.
The NSA.
Yes.
Wait.
Hey if you live another week I'll be impressed.
We said a hundred.
I didn't use my name.
You don't get it. They go through your phone records. They fuckin' monitor everyone you called in the last
I didn't use my name.
They come after you.
Yeah.
These guys are incredibly persistent.
What if
Don't think it could've gone any better. Tell me how's Deb. How're my grandchildren.
Ah sir you know it's not for me to say.
Most of this stuff's only available to law enforcement.
With spy satellites. I don't like saying these things Senator
Hi Mr. Dean.
Do you see anything you like.
What size.
I'll be right back.
I think she'll like this very much.
Listen Daniel hang on one second.
Why.
I didn't want to bother you during your racquetball game.
I'm sorry. Detective Morelos.
You tell me.
I'm just trying to determine if Mr. Zavitz was involved in something more than a simple bus accident.
I have lunch with Rachel once a month. She's my connection to an investigator.
Stacy somebody's trying to kill me. Now goddamit
I <u>told</u> you they could do this. I <u>told</u> you they had this kind of capability and that with this anti- terrorism it would be just another
You opened the thing.
What is it.
I'm sorry about Rachel.
This is fucked. You don't know <u>who's</u> in that
You're goddam right you jumped the gun.
I want to talk to a goddam lawyer.
DePinto.
Yes.
I <u>like</u> our history. And I like you. I'd probably like <u>Brill</u> if I ever got to
Eat your fish.
I gotta go.
That's temporary.
I'm gonna fix it.
I've never met him.
Yeah.
Jesus. What. You want money.
This is <u>bullshit</u>. Someone's mixing up a bunch of half-truths to ruin me and to ruin my case.
Put David on it. He seems anxious to clear my name.
Do I know you.
How long can you stay.
They took the espresso machine. The <i>espresso</i> machine Jerry. Which makes sense you know because the crooks probably wanted to make themselves a latte before fencing the stereo.
Table 122.
Into what.
I'm a labor lawyer. There are <u>always</u> mob ties.
Yeah.
Are you okay.
The police.
I know thy works and thy labour and how thou canst not bear them that are evil. And thou hast tried them who say they are apostles and hast found them to be liars. Revelations II.
The originals.
Who.
He's arrogant and threatening. Voice stress points suggest he's worrying.
Dean's with Lyle.
Federal Express.
The fuck do you have goin' on with Sam Albert.
I also have tiny pizzas and mushrooms stuffed with
Do I look like I want a tiny pizza.
Seven pounds eight I suppose. Why.
I was concerned. As I said women in that part of Cairo a European women I felt obliged to.
Be careful. You mean you - or me. Who.
You sing. All the time.
I'd like you to have them.
This is not very good is it.
Yes. Absolutely.
Fiction. We had a house on that coast and it never rained blood. Go on. More.
Could I ask you please to paste you paintings into my book. I should like to have them. I should be honored.
Do they know them.
Arabic.
Ouch. See - you're always beating me
Why did he bring you.
Shall we be all right.
It's Geoffrey under this.
I see.
Which we've overflown twice.
In my room.
What's the matter with you.
Had a letter from my wife. The wisteria is still out which I'm looking forward to. She says Dorset is gripped with Invasion Fever. Wrong coast I should have thought still…
Shut-up.
Or was it Toronto.
You have to protect yourself from sadness. This is the thing I've learned. You're in love with him aren't you. Your patient. Do you think he's a saint or something. Because of the way he looks. I don't think he is.
I think that's called looting.
Hello.
Thief I think is more accurate.
And you've forgotten yours.
Why do I feel if I had your book I would know everything.
Thought you'd never wake up.
I had to get back to the desert. I made a promise. The rest meant nothing to me.
Well look if nobody minds truly then I suppose - I shall of course be bereft…
Aren't you.
And a special thank you to Geoffrey and Katharine without whose fund raising heroics we should still be kicking our heels. They toast the Cliftons.
Candaules
Are you remembering more.
Are you crazy.
Excuse me. Yes. I don't have the key to that door.
No but no not at all. I'm sorry. You came to the doors that's all and - - such good manners for someone worried about mines. That's all.
There's a mine here but the others are far enough away I think at least to give me a chance. I have to work out which one to cut before I fall over.
You must get away. Before I cut. I'm not cutting if you're here. He's struggling. He's going to topple over if he cuts.
I was thinking yesterday - yesterday. - the Patient Hardy: they're everything that's good about England. I couldn't even say what that was. We didn't exchange two personal words and we've been together through some terrible things some - he was engaged to a girl in the village. - I mean - and us - he never once… He didn't ask me if I could spin the ball at cricket or the kamasutra or - I don't even know what I'm talking about.
Of course. When.
Why Picton.
I was going to say - if you want to eat with us ever… you and Lieutenant Singh…
Only we have to go to work.
Whoa - give me a chance.
You've got a mustache.
I was looking forward to this evening.
I'll come with you.
This is wonderful.
This was your garden.
A thief this good could handle the sensors in the rooms. What we don't get is how he effectuated his entry.
So he popped the pane.
You're saying the thief wants us to think it's Mac but it's really not.
They've never caught him before what makes you think they'll catch him now.
We've got to catch him in the act.
Listen to me. Whatever you're doing stop. Pull out.
Where did you hear that one of those American talk shows. Check please.
Believe me if you weren't so tiresome I'd have one for you.
I don't care about the damned car. My luggage's been stolen.
Maybe the thief thought you had something valuable. You are in the business that's what Roki says.
I didn't expect you to be so
Oh.
Very nice.
How much am I paying.
It's a fake.
I'm telling you it's a forgery. The paint's still wet for God's sake.
I'm a thief. Sue me.
I'm impressed. Can't spot a thing.
Nothing. You don't even lock the door.
You're late.
Years ago if memory serves. When does the exhibit end.
We get the Mask I'll tell you.
Did I hear a car.
Charged.
He wasn't.
Bookshelf. Sensors
Ready.
Be careful not to break the laser beams.
Insidious thing wondering if your partnerhas another partner.
The eight billion. From them to us.
Got it.
Then the vault how to get in the vault that's stumping me.
How do I look.
Access codes to the vault are changed daily passwords for our computer on the hour
That's because you grew up rich.
Not for me.
Put this on.
He looks familiar.
You gave them the eight billion.
Tina was a wonderful woman.
The key to success is using the right tools.
You're not the one trying to get all this shit. You think they've just got a Crooks R Us on every corner.
We're going to need a vacuum with a battery pack for the dust. The air filters might be wired. And a bypass hose for the AC.
Let me ask you this Mask when they made itwas the old bitch dead or alive.
You damn well thought wrong.
Tonight your league night.
Doesn't look like much. How come those Commos want it so bad.
Thought you had to use some of these.
I figured that out.
The face decays the mask doesn't. Art lasts we don't. That's why art's so valuable. It's a little piece of immortality.
My friend you always surprise me.
Whoa. Remind me.
What's she doing here.
Which one.
He came tearing around the corner out of control 
Meningitis. What the hell is meningitis.
Jesus.
She must be a tough cookie cause it's a pretty advanced case. I'd say she's been walking around with it for a few weeks now.
Right.
Cause first you gotta move then there's decorating and if the windows aren't the same size you know you're making all new curtains. Honest to God I don't know if I have the energy. You know I've been sick. Me and Peter both have.
It's a chemical they used over at that compressor station up the road there.
An on-site monitoring well. That means 
It was right up on the PG&E property over there.
Yeah.
A number for the whole group or for us.
I don't even know how much money that is.
If you hadn't used profanity 
I'm sorry about that. Really. But 
All I have is hundreds.
Give her a cold washcloth to suck on  I gotta go there's a clean one in that bag I'll check back in a bit. Sorry. My kid 
Come on I'm trying to help here.
Don't give me that. You're gonna get plenty rich off of this Mr. 40 percent. We got those PG&E fuckers by the balls here.
Hey. I like working with you.
D'you get his name. Course not. Jesus Ed 
Oh Jesus. You wanna tell me what the problem is here or 
Maybe. but maybe not. We still don't have anything linking this to PG&E corporate. Plus there's the statute problem. Plus we're way short on manpower so we'd need to bring on more lawyers 
You're emotional. You're erratic. You say any God damn thing that comes into your head. And I'm not saying that's bad. That can be great; that can be a lot of fun 
I'm not gonna fire you. I wanted to. But then you got sick and that woulda made me look like a shit. You embarrassed me Erin.
Fuck legal terms. We're talking about human beings here. Sick people. A whole bunch of them are gonna be dead in ten years. They need their money now. We gotta get 'em to agree to the arbitration Ed. We gotta get every damn one of those plaintiffs to 
I don't know what to say.
What do you mean.
You know what Erin. I got nothing but time here. Why don't you let me do that for you and you can get your kids some dinner.
Harmful like how. What would you get.
Well how do I find out what kind of chromium is up in Hinkley.
Masry & Vititoe can I help you.
We'll work out the roller hockey thing okay. Whatever you want we'll work it out. I promise.
Excuse me Theresa was it. There are no holes in my research.
Everyone's. This is a lawsuit. We need to be able to contact the plaintiffs.
You got more than one.
I'm not gonna leave my kids with you.
Great. Another deadbeat.
Yeah. And what do you do the rest of the time live off your trust fund.
Great.
What kind of person lives like this. Huh. What kind of person lets her kids run around in a house crawling with bugs the size of housecats.
I didn't say that.
I can't. Look this job it's the best thing that ever happened to me. I mean it. For the first time in my life I got people respecting me. Up in Hinkley I walk into a room and everyone shuts up just to hear what I got to say. I never had that. Ever. Don't ask me to give it up. I need it.
Hello.
How long's this whole thing gonna take.
What time is it.
No I need my car 
That's okay. I understand.
Nice to see you Erin. We've missed you.
What's going on.
Hi sweetie. Were you a good girl. Where are Matt and Katie.
Hi I'm Erin Brockovich. I was just over in the library there asking a mess of questions about I guess they call it epidemiology. and the fella there told me to find you cause you know all about it.
Move this ship out of the asteroid field and into a position where we can send a clear transmission.
Much anger in him like in his father.
Stopped they must be. Do you hear. On this all depends.
You must survive Luke.
I'm cold so cold 
Give me that.
No no. I'll stay and help you find your friend.
Oh a Jedi Master. Different altogether. Yoda you seek Yoda.
 I told you I'm not hungry.
But if he could be turned he would be a powerful ally.
Good and Commander Skywalker.
He's checking out a meteorite that hit near him. He'll be in soon.
With all the meteor activity in this system it's going to be difficult to spot approaching ships.
I shut it off. What's her royal holiness want.
He doesn't make sense to me either Chewie.
We're doomed. Goodbye Mistress Leia. Goodbye Captain 
That bounty hunter we ran into on Ord Mantell changed my mind.
Hey. Someone's still in here.
What is it.
How do I look.
Sorry Captain being held by you isn't enough to get me excited.
No lightspeed.
You could have warned him before you shut him off.
You keep logs. My how organized.
No thanks.
I've finished my circle and I haven't picked up any life read- ings.
I hope you make your peace with Jabba.
He doesn't want you at all. He's after someone named Skywalker.
Luke.
I'm sure my men fixed it. We've got nothing to worry about.
Is there any chance of them surviving out there.
Have they analyzed the one that was killed.
Closer.
Sir we've lost the rear deflector shield. One more direct hit on the back quarter and we're done for.
Why not me.
I have followed my feelings.
Concentration. Heh. Concentration.
That they are.
You'll find I'm full of surprises.
Your future lies with us Skywalker. Now you will embrace the dark side. Obi-wan knew this to be true.
Believe what.
But we saw Earth destroyed.
Zira are you mad.
There was a sort of carpetbag in the ship.
Perfect for the mission. Nobody else can pull it off - not an army not a man.
His reactor's starting to overheat.
Where is he.
You're about to get hit Cuervo. It's Plissken.
You want to stay here while Cuervo Jones rules the world.
Can you land.
So what's the deal huh. Go into L.A. find the President's daughter secure the box and bring 'em both out - and I'm free.
So what does this thing do.
Does he know how to activate it.
I said pull over.
I don't know about this thing.
Which way to the Hollywood Bowl.
No screamin' shit.
Who.
Be careful of the bald cats. They live in these buildings.
There is one thing left to do Excalibur And you must do it Perceval. Leave my wounds I command you.
That is a wild boast. You lack a knight's humility.
What book is that.
A king must marry after all.
Guenevere. And a beloved friend who will betray you.
Excalibur. Is it true.
Where hides evil then in my kingdom.
My powers fade Arthur. I resort to cheap tricks Yes. I enjoy every moment of my foolishness I join in the making of it so no one can betray me. But you. You betray yourself.
Father
It didn't hurt too much did it.
The Queen will be in my charge till a champion steps forward to fight on her behalf.
Why.
To me. But why.
The law forbids it.
Just a man. A knight in the King's service.
You know what I want. I want the secret of true magic how to thicken the stuff of dreams and wishes with the flesh of the world.
I am the desert where water disappears
It's done. A truce. We meet at the river.
Behold the sword of power Excalibur. Before Uther it belonged to Lud before Lud to Beowulf before Beowulf to Baldur the Good before Baldur to Thor himself and that was when the world was young and there were more than seven colors in the rainbow. Speak the words.
I.
It's not for you Uther hearth and home wife and child.
Well what's wrong.
Hi how'd your day go.
Oh great anything else.
Dinner at the White House.
Maybe the circuit is busy.
What didn't he tell you.
It's serious.
I lied. It's for me. The spelling is on the back Kinderman. You know that film you made called Angel. Isaw that six times.
Oh Karl Jesus Christ Karl don't do that.
How are you today.
Is it coming out Willie.
A disorder of the nerves. At least we think it is. We don't know yet exactly how it works but it's often seen in earl adolescence. She shows all the symptoms: the hyperactivity; the temper; her performance in math.
Stimulant. She's higher than a kite right now.
And those lies she's been telling.
Ya know those things to get attention like saying that her bed shakes and stuff.
Well she let loose quite a string while I was examining her Mrs. MacNeil.
Convulsion.
No. I'm building a new house the old one's been sold. I was going to take Regan to Europe for a while after she finished school here. Why d'you ask.
Oh I'm very sorry Father. Hi.
No I wouldn't. But I'd try to persuade him to turn himself in.
Yes I could I could see her as a psychiatrist
Are you sure.
Yes. He's already here.
Really what kind was it a mair or guilding.
Yeah.
No I do Captain Howdy said no.
Captain Howdy.
Mr. Dennings.
You like him.
Your not gonna marry him are you.
I don't know I just thought.
People get tired.
Oh Christ.
Lieutenant.
What's playing.
Did you do that.
What's that.
I am no one. I am no one. He is a priest.
Oh really when.
You are not happy. Tell me what is the matter.
You've seen him. You're also familiar with how last week he died.
No I mentioned it only in passing.
in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ It is he who commands you. He who flung you from the heights of Heaven to the depths of hell.
Are you a relative.
Yes.
How old are you.
Sometimes.
Your pay.
Look Frankie. You and Jack been playing here a long time.
So.
Too bad. You could use some sun. Really.
Maybe next time.
Where are our kids. Has he got one of them in there.
Go fuck yourself.
Uh yeah well you know Ma John Kennedy went by Jack.
Oh look at you two. So skinny. And those tiny suits 
Out.
That's not the point.
Jack
Listen why don't you come out to the house this weekend. Say hello to the kids. They've grown.
She didn't know what she was doing. You're too sensitive.
So what'd we get her.
It's not family. It's business.
What're you talking about.
Jack.
What was it like.
Hey pal I got a mortgage all right. I got two kids. I got a wife. Besides he made the deal. There's no shame in it.
What's there to talk about. She can sing. That puts her at the head of the class. That makes her the only one in the class.
What's the matter.
It's early.
No.
When's the last time we played a wedding Jack.
It was April. April seventeenth. That one I remember.
I figure that way we won't get confused.
I just figure things'll go smoother you know if we have it all worked out from the beginning.
You leaving that on.
All night.
Yeah.
What's it look like I'm doing. I'm tuning a goddamn piano.
What the hell are these.
What.
What're you trying to do. Wake up the whole goddamn hotel.
Celebrating. Join me.
April.
Yeah and you drank yours like it was orange juice. He loved that about you.
You're making things up Frank.
That takes care of this week. The tenth we got the Sheraton the sixteenth we're at the Capri.
I don't know. Some disease.
Seventy-one. What's seventy-one.
Yeah fine.
Jesus when was the last time we played the Mallory.
So what'd you think.
No no. You boys are tired.
A cab. Ma come on. My car's just a half block down. You wait here.
Actually that's my stage name.
Moran. Monica. The whole thing. It's my stage name. My real name's Blanche.
No romance right. That's why I came up with Monica. It's what I prefer.
I don't believe it. I come all the way down down here break a heel and you're not gonna give me a chance because I have gum on my lip and I'm a few minutes late.
So run a little longer.
What's he talking about.
Is there a language problem here. Your dress. For tonight. Where is it.
Come on. We don't have much time.
Nine.
I said I was sorry.
Baker's unabridged.
Virgins.
Susie. It's one more show. One more time. That's all.
Terrific boys. Really. Terrific.
No.
You miss him don't you.
It's been a long time Ma.
You never sang before.
The Stratford.
Aren't the kids asleep.
It's the waves. God's music my mother used to say. She was crazy for the ocean.
Guess I got a little scattered.
All I said was you were good.
Oh. So what's it doing here.
They'd been out dancing all night and he took her to the train station she lived over in Brookhaven. Usually held ride with her but this time he didn't. Anyway he starts walking home only as he's walking he starts getting nervous.
Coffee.
What kind.
Vegetables.
No shit. It's the goddamn water. Kill an ox. I buy bottled for my Danny. You can't trust the taps.
Ivory.
So. How are you.
Do I look wasted asshole.
For what.
Jon we just remember how it used to be. You staying for a while or is this just a piss-stop.
It's important.
Who is this.
Okay you're having an emotional crisis. You need to seek the help of a trained 
How did he expect to do that.
I took it from my fake husband.
What more proof do you need.
He freaked out when he thought I had seen this stuff. I think it's a list of cities Santiago Ho Chi Minh City Nandi 
You can't go. You can't be anywhere near that place.
Would it.
Apparently fine. He's coming into work. That's the good news 
Jon this is goddam insane. You can't go through with it. What about Eve.
You haven't got a chance in hell of fooling Pollux. Castor drinks smokes and walks around with a 24-hour hard-on. He's nothing like you.
You missed the last three including her birthday. Your wife's gripe sheet.
You can tell me all about it from your prison cell.
Give up Castor. People are going to find out.
Pollux is what.
That's your name isn't it.
It was confirmed by your personal security code. Nobody knows that code but you.
I can't even look at you without wanting to vomit.
You're supposed to be snitching making me look legit.
You'll need to recultivate that virus.
Look at you Jon at your age an American hero. I'd buy you a drink but I know you'd just turn me down.
I'm late. Gotta protect and serve the world y'know.
I disagree. You think I've been acting strange. Like a completely different person.
Remember this from our junior prom. Boy were you ever mad for Madonna.
Back then who wasn't.
Kate Reynolds
No
Hello.
I don't want you to be sorry Alan I want you to be excited. I want my gift to be the first one you open this year. You know why.
Good for you. Why shouldn’t you protect what’s yours.
Jack are you okay.
Mary Janes Mom. You promised.
Do you like kids.
Big Ed’s.
Big Ed’s. Big Ed’s Tires. Why.
Like what.
She is relentless.
So Jack it’s your wife’s birthday got anything to say to her.
What do you want to carry that gun around for anyway. You're just gonna do something you'll regret
I glimpse. A glimpse of what. What glimpse. Glimpse.
Frank. Where’s Alan Mintz. Is he here yet.
No I didn’tthat’s great.
Right for us. ButI’m afraid that if you get on that plane
Where were you.
Look we don’t have time for this right now we’ll talk about it later. Now get dressed You’re not wearing that to the Thompsons’ party. I don’t care how hilarious you think it is
Jack
Uhthat baby’s crying
Shouldn’t we grab some dinner first. Maybe a bottle of wine.
WellAnnie for one.
Surprise. We’re pregnant Yeahthat must’ve beenI mean that was very unexpected. But what are you gonna do right.
C’mon.
Jack.
I need to tell you something.
I mean yes I help people that need it
I’m out of the doghouse.
I don’t think so. This is going to be a better life for all of us honey. We’ll put Annie and Josh in private schools
Annie goes to a great school.
I’m talking about the best schools in the country here Kate
I can do that. I want to do that. For all of us. I need to do that as a man Think about it. No more lousy restaurants no more clipping coupons no more shoveling snow
Are you okay Jack.
You look great.
You can’t go.
I have to go to my parents' house out in Jersey. Would you like to come.
I don't think She's real big on hate.
He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century.
Can't do it. I cannot do it.
You go through something like this makes you appreciate having the right woman in your life.
He's smart powerful successful 
It's about to be a broken face.
We're working as hard as we can 
Glad nothing could take you away from your work.
What. No. I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms.
You need to control yourself and <u>think</u> before you 
My shift ends at four but I couldn't 
Apparently I can disappear.
You were at 4000 Kelvin. Any hotter you're approaching supernova 
Yeah for the last time I hope. I'm done with this freak show. I'm moving back to the real world.
Johnny slow down. <u>Think</u>. You know mom didn't raise us to 
What are you doing 
If Reed's right then this little trip will double our stock offering.
Front page.
Ben's still out there 
<u>Abort</u>. Reed I put my company my name billions of dollars on the line and I will <u>not</u> let you make me look like a fool 
Feeling better.
Anger. Rage. Frustration.
If we can build a machine to re-create the storm we can reverse the polarity 
Don't let Victor push you into making a mistake 
Reed stop you need to rest your 
Victor I'm sorry I 
Reed's gonna fix me up 
They've crossed over into the Jugular Vein.
We still have fifty-one minutes. Leave them in.
The less time the better.
I know that. But what's the maximum.
Wish I knew why.
We have no choice. Duval's the most skillful brain surgeon in the country and he's right here at hand.
<Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
Wait a minute. They can't shrink <me>.
I'll be standing by. <I'll> know.
Listenthe Heart.
Doctor
Air bubbles. Doctor 
That'll teach you where to keep your hand.
I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF over five years ago.
Then how come it worked loose.
That's why you're really here. I knew it from the start.
That puts us right here Which means we can head straight for the Sub Arachnoid Cavity.
All I'm asking is you test it beforehand.
I'll do nothing of the sort. The operation is <my> responsibility. I won't do it and that's final.
Doctor we've just about had it.
Sabotage. I don't understand
Skipper you're picking up seaweed or whatever it is.
I thought I was on my vacation What's it all about.
What'd you do that for.
Sort of.
They can't reduce nuclear fuel. But once the Reactor's Miniaturized along with the submarine a microscopic particle should emit enough energy to activate it.
Uh what.
I'll never find my way through that.
You uh I'm sorry sir but -
I decided not to - I'm uh not taking the trip as it turns out.
I just pulled in here. I just fucking pulled in here.
Where's my daughter.
Where's my damn daughter. No Jean no money.
You're required to display temporary tags either in the plate area or taped inside the back window.
Just in town on business. Just in and out. Ha ha. A little of the old in-and-out.
Huh. Grimsurd looks at his thumb.
You'll take care of it. Boy you are smooth smooth you know.
Oh no it's real sound. It's all worked out.
Oh geez.
Look. I'm not gonna debate you Jerry. The price is now the whole amount. We want the entire eighty thousand.
You're there in thirty minutes or I find you Jerry and I shoot you and I shoot your fucking wife and I shoot all your little fucking children and I shoot 'em all in the back of their little fucking heads. Got it.
Yah but that TruCoat -
Yah I don't need no sealant though.
That's wonderful. Mm-mm. It'll change your life a course.
They can really take over that's for sure.
He's three now. Course not in that picture.
Yah he -
Uh-huh - in what way.
Pretty darn good ya want some.
Uh-huh.
Okay. We'll get the money together. Don't worry about it Jerry. Now d'you want anyone at home with you until they call.
So you're goin' to the Gophers on Sunday.
How ya doin' there Scotty.
Naw I Executive Sales Manager.
Well I would know. I'm the Executive Sales Manager.
If it's so damned important to ya.
Thank you hon. How's Fargo.
Yah real good. How you doin'.
Okay because if I can't correlate this note with the specific vehicles then I gotta call back that money -
I mean send it over. I'll shoot it right over to ya.
Things have changed. Circumstances Jerry. Beyond the uh acts of God force majeure.
Yah well it's a chunk but -
Yah thanks Stan it's a pretty -
A million dollars is a lot a damn money. And there they are they got my daughter.
No Wade. They were real clear. They said they'd call tomorrow with instructions and it's gonna be delivered by me alone.
Well I don't vouch for him.
Never heard of him. Don't vouch for him.
Okay so we got a state trooper pulls someone over we got a shooting and these folks drive by and we got a high-speed pursuit ends here and this execution-type deal.
Oh yah. Norm made some eggs.
Heck yah. Ya think is Dave open yet.
Geez.
Oh yah a long time ago.
I was married to Linda Cooksey -
No no that's fine.
Well you do reside their at 1425 Fremont Terrace.
Anyone else residing there.
Now I know you've had some problems struggling with the narcotics some other entanglements currently on parole -
Mm. But ya think he's all right. saw him last night and he's -
So they didn't
Yah.
Yah.
Oh pretty good. They bitin'.
Sir you're disturbing the other patrons with your laudish behavior.
Look at my face. I'm a member. I just need to know if you've seen Tyler Durden.
Yes. We're men. Men is what we are.
Bob was a champion bodybuilder. You know that chest expansion program you see on TV. That was his idea.
No. I found something new.
Bob Bob I'm a member.
That's a fucking great man. Fucking great. Congratulations.
We need to talk.
No. No sir. I loved that condo. I loved every stick of furniture. The lamps the chairs the rugs were me. The dishes were me. The plants were
No you can't die of insomnia.
It's cheaper than a movie and there's free coffee.
It becomes an addiction.
Candy-stripe a cancer ward. It's not my problem.
That's the idea we split them.
I'm just on my way out
There.
Here.
Do you care.
I don't know.
What is this. Who did this.
Let go of me Leave me alone.
What.
What is wrong with you.
You got about thirty seconds.
Who's this.
Throwers don't worry about ticking. Modern bombs don't tick.
Look what we've accomplised. Thirty seconds.
What.
Well uh great.
This time maybe get a widescreen TV. You'll be occupied for weeks.
No I
They're called cigarette burns.
 Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
He farted on meringue; he sneezed on braised endive; and with creme of mushroom soup well
I don't want to die without any scars. How much can you really know about yourself if you've never been in a fight. Come on you're the only person I've ever asked.
This is crazy.
Alright go crazy. Let 'er rip.
Shit. Sorry. That didn't count.
If you could fight anyone one on one whoever you wanted who would you fight.
What.
You're okay with this.
Marla doesn't need a lover. She needs a case worker.
It isn't .
Yeah. Where you headed.
I feel sick.
Look
Should I E-mail you. Should I put this on your action item list.
Why do people think I'm Tyler Durden.
Oh yeah. I didn't really know my Dad
There. Happy. I asked for one thing from you one simple promise. Now look what you've done.
This isn't possible
You never talked to me in front of anyone else.
Don't pull the green wire. Pull anything but the green wire.
Defuse the bomb please.
What.
Why what.
Do something for me.
Who is this.
Maintenance.
No. Wrong. This man's name is Robert Paulson.
There is no money.
Okay. Okay fuck it. Use the basement. Get off me.
Yesssss
Why.
It's not just about me. Someone I saved died last night in a freak accident. What if the others are in danger too.
Jury duty. That's randomly selected by social security numbers.
The only reason he was on Route 18 was because he own the lottery and had to collect the winnings.
I had tickets to go but one day I'm in Paris trippin' on acid sippin' lattes an' such and this dude gets whacked by a falling sign.
Take a guess.
Yeah so what happened.
Guys let's not panic. Isabella's safe.
Um Kimberly. This is a neighborhood. You may wanna slow it down.
For God's sake leave him alone Dad.
This trip better be worth it. What's the guy-girl ratio again.
Can I ask you a question.
Sure.
And you're gonna die after me right.
I know this is the first time we've been apart since. But everything's gonna be okay.
Kimberly. It's Dad.
He said Death has a design. Even before he said that I had been seeing patterns.
Thirty-nine.
4:25.
Can't you open the door.
I don't.
My intervention in the death of 180 survivors will cheat the design.
That's what I'm doin'.
You read me Brewer.
Batteries not included.
I was in the brig. They gave me a deal. I blew up this Colonel's golf cart with an M-19. He wasn't in it or anything it was the symbolic value. Seemed like a good idea at the time.
Buddhist monastery. Fifteenth century.
Yes. But I lose many merits in next life. Very bad.
Carefully. Don't want to get shot by you. Bad karma. Anyway you need me.
This mission was a scam from the word go.
It was clean. Very clean Rambo was a decorated Vietnam vet a former POW himself if he came out and said No POWs the sub-committee would buy it. He gets himself caught he's a private citizen a whacko acting on his own. If he gets proof it gets lost somewhere between here and D.C. Airtight. But no Rambo's gotta be a hero. Thinks he's starring in his own war movie or something. He put me in a corner. No choice.
That depends on you. Christ look at you. I give you this easy duty until I can get you an assignment all you have to do is eat ice cream and watch soap operas and you have to make it Rambo's last stand.
This your stuff.
Yeah. Big time.
Listen up. You two are married as of now. Get used to it.
Will it hurt.
I mean it's not easy in this day and age.
Most men are.
I'm sorry.
I tell you something Anne. I really feel like I'm cursed.
You know I can't believe I did it. You think it'll work out.
What.
No I I think we should talk about this.
You want to talk. Come on Jack Did I cross the line by mentioning the future or what.
How have you been.
I think she likes me she gave me her number but she must work a lot cause when I call she's never home But I think we'll go out this weekend I've
She gave you the old brusheroo kiddo Believe me this tart will never make it to your desert plate
Uh basement I think
Tragedy.
Can I ask that when you clean your hands you wipe the ink off the inside of the sink before it stains the stainless steel.
Fine. I'll say no.
Fine.
I'll remember that the next time you get excited by drawing pubic hairs on raisin bran. Want some.
This is it. I'm in hell. Damned to an eternity of idiotic conversation.
Where .
The Little People.
 Do you know who I am.
A quest.
The Little
I think you're a very nice very nice psychotic man. I really appreciate what you did for me. It was a very brave and noble thing
I wish you all the luck in the world. When you get the Grail I'm sure I'll be seeing lots of you on various talk shows
Parry I'm Jack.
Do you follow her every day.
Why did you do that.
Here's another twenty. Will that do. I mean what's it going to take.
I don't need a job. I have a quest.
He knows who you are. He's afraid. I can tell.
Listen he just needs to sleep it off. Someone will take care of him.
You can't do this. This is New York. Nobody lies in naked in a field in New York.It'sit's too Midwestern.
Parry you don't have to <u>earn</u> a woman. It's the twentieth century.
No. Nothing bad's going to happen. Anne'll be there. I'll be there. Nothing bad will happen.
How about the Hell Merchants.
I.uh.I get to read some of the books but mostly I.just calculate production costs from first edition hard cover publication to paperback. After paperback it's basically someone else's problem.
Don't say that.
Well you're walking me home. I I guess you're sort of attracted to me and you'll want to come upstairs for coffee
Twinky.
Well id'n that nice.
Tell me what in the hell's going on Elton.
Well lemme play the other side then.
Now now.
I'll go out with you or I'll stay here and do anything you'd like for me to do if you'll just do one thing. If you'll tell me that you love me.
You can sing the song.
I'm tryin' baby so don't start gettin' mad now.
Is it my turn again.
Will you just do what the hell I tell you
Elton and Stoney know how I feel about you. An' they're just goin' to think I'm not too nice a guy which I'm not an' that you're a hell of a person puttin' up with me that's all.
You're goin' a find me dead one time.
No.
Is what you.
Bobby
I had to leave this place. I got depressed seeing all the crap. And the thing is they're making more crap you know. They've got so many stores and stuff and junk full of crap I can't believe it.
Who.
Fantastic. That you could figure all that out and lay that down on her to come up with a way you could get your toast.
What does that mean. You don't have any tomatoes.
Now all you have to do is hold the chicken bring me the toast charge me for the sandwich and you haven't broken any rules.
Robert
Very nice.
I have to talk seriously with you
How long have you been staying here.
What questions.
Constantly. Night and day. And unless I get up before the birds I can't get in any practice time for myself
With applesauce.
Look can't you see that what I'm talking about.
Where is she anyway.
I'm talking to you Tita.
I didn't want to say goodbye to anyone.
Yes intentionally.
Tomorrow then.
I mean how could you not play anymore. That's so strange to me
You had no inner feeling.
Yes it was. You've made it clear that if I can cut a little piano I might get a little response.
No you don't have to it isn't necessary
No I can't
Will you let me talk to you please.
Oh. You have to tell me that.
Robert do you mind.
Well I was goin' to but Bobby said he hadda kind of feel things up here first which I can understand but then it went an' took so long I ran flat outa money I didn't have no number to call you know. So I hadda clear outa there an' come on up here in the hopes that I wouldn't be intrudin' myself
It's a Borzoi.
What do you mean mass I have to come out and tell you you're not that clean either.
Steam.
Well she was.
Well you have to simply tell me that's all.
Do you have to let me get halfway through the movement first. This is tiring me.
Not now I'm busy
God you drive me crazy. I just want you to know how I feel and you don't understand.
What chu listening to rumors for. I'm not like dat.
Why don't you ask Eddie.
So what girls are over there.
Pitt.
Amanda is Eddie's cousin.
Yo remember from the pool that girl.
Positive.
No.
Hey.
Yeah.
Maybe tonight.
They didn't do anything.
'Your men' might just be involved in all this.
You can't keep me here.
Speaking of which you're not going to print anything before my investigation is through are you.
I hope they still fit. Do I get to keep the glove.
No not for sure. When it comes it comes. You gonna want some shit.
I'm serious Sam.
Are you all right Doctor.
This was last month. So Alan Stanwyk does not have cancer.
What about breaking and entering. Are you wearing anything under that.
Until she remarries Fletch.
That's history Fletch. You owe us nine hundred and eighteen dollars.
Good evening.
Dropped two big ones. Real fighter. You're in the insurance line Harry.
Yes. Where you from Harry.
Velma. You and Velma are the parents of Alan Stanwyk Beverly Hills California executive vice president of Boyd Aviation.
Then he has.
They bust you every week.
Why are they after you.
I didn't sell nothing. I didn't sell nothing. I just carried the drugs from the Chief to Sam.
Why don't you try suicide.
Maybe I'm just on vacation.
It'll be a first class-ticket. I'm sure you'll enjoy the ride. I would recommend staying down there at least a year Mr. Nugent.
Yes. All you provide are the gloves the passport and the aim. I'll take care of everything else.
Thanks.
I do. Oh isn't that sweet thank you. I have to confess something to you. I must have been pretty plowed at your wedding. I really don't have the faintest idea who you are.
We used to fly together. I'm John.
Preoccupied with what.
Alan's in Utah.
It's John. John Znhcneelsky.
Depends on the question.
Are you still in love with Alan.
So your husband hired me to kill him. That's the truth.
No I've got to go to Mr. Underhill
Excuse me sir. Are you a guest of the club.
Hi where's Mrs. Stanwyk.
She moved out.
I'm calling the cops. This is for the cops.
Oh I hate it when he calls me that.
I will Frank I will. Something came up okay.
Just kidding Frank. You'll have the story and you'll be damn proud of it.
Well there we're in a gray area.
How gray.
Just give me a hint all right.
More cops. I think I gotta go to Utah Frank.
Utah.
What about finding the source.
Who. Donnie and Marie.
You know I've had it up to here with your bullshit. I need a story from you by tomorrow.
Frieda's boss.
Mr. Fairlane I'm very rich. The kind of rich that warps minds. Nothing offends me. When I was eleven I walked in on my father and the Shetland pony he had given me for my tenth birthday. Does that excite you.
Now that we've broken the ice
So you know about Johnny Crunch and myself.
That was close
So many assholes so few bullets.
G'day they say it's worth three grand
Sorry Jazz. After this I'll throw a burger down your throat okay.
You don't want to know believe me. But don't worry I washed my hands
Lieutenant Anus has discovered the cold-blooded killer behind everything.
How much.
A simple 'please' would suffice
Zuzu Petals you're not bad. In fact I was discussing this whole rock-n-roll thing with my pal Art Mooney the other day. You know him.
Yeah it's weird. Bobby and Johnny were such good friends
People still watch that.
I'm afraid so you want her.
This way
Ick.
Oh how sweet your friend's got his own star.
Well what is it. I'm not Kreskin.
Shut up you dummy. Who did this to you.
You think you're so hot just because you can get into any club. You think you're so hot just because you have sex with great- looking women. You think you're so hot just because you broke the Ensenada tape piracy ring
I guess you never saw 'A Very Brady Christmas.'
Yeah I did you condescending fuck but I miss Snoopy coming out at the end. Isn't your enjoyment impaired.
Maybe later but first I want like to know why you'd steal from your own company
You're a poet and didn't know it.
That's cute. You're funny.
Hi private eye guy.
Nice getting all those phone calls from you after you hit it big you Redhook bastard.
So
I'm clean.
I got a name - Sal Boca Brooklyn.
Got a wife named Angie.
Takin' care o' business honey.
Sal 
Did you ever pick your feet in Poughkeepsie.
Did you ever sit on the edge of the bed take off your socks and stick your fingers between your toes.
Allo Salvatore
He is not wrong.
What.
Hey Mutch. You want bacon.
A piece of ass wouldn't kill me.
Come on one drink. Whatta you say.
Whatta you say we wait and give him a tail.
Give who a tail.
What I know is what I told you.
Oh my God. What is that. Why you showing me this shit. JESUS. JESUS. Get those away from me.
You okay man.
Hey bud.
Butch called.
I love you Bud.
Boy is he excited about the game tomorrow.
There's something I gotta take care of. Something I need to tell you about.
Okay
Then you gotta hide it somewhere. Somewhere where nobody's gonna find itfor 29 years. Put it under the loose floorboard by the window.
About what.
As nuts as that sounds yes.
What if I could prove it to you Satch.
How's that.
Okay start pedaling.
Daddy put the wheels back on. I'm gonna fall.
Don't think about falling just keep pedaling.
Are you licensed to broadcast buddy.
Look I don't really remember how this thing works.
Queens New York.
Whatta ya know. Bayside born and raised.
FrankFrank Sullivan.
Is this some kind of joke. Gordo is that you. Are you fucking with me.
No wait don't go.
Fire.
What Johnny. What is it.
Sheshe died. It's like it just happened.
October 22 1969.
I gotta take her away John. I'm gonna take your mother away. He can't hurt her if I take her away.
I'll warn them.
What can we do. You don't even know who this guy is.
I don't know John. I'm a fire fighter. This isthis is different.
Whatta we do now.
Didn't happen we got enough problems down here.
Sull. What the hell.
Fire. What are you talking about. He had cancer John.
Don't choke on your pride Sull. You ain't ever gonna catch another one like that.
Not the first time that's been true. I'm telling you I got a feeling about this guy. This is the guy Satch.
So how are things at the hospital.
Fine. You know Dr. Schwartz retired last month.
No kidd'n he musta been pushing 90.
Yeah long time ago. I know you.
A hot shot huh.
You have the right to speak to an att 
My name is Abel. And I am my brother's keeper.
That's an eyeball. Oh God.
I beg your pardon I'm not an asshole. I'm an actor.
Look Shelly you're my roommate and I like you most of the time. But you gotta stop doing these things. Now I set this date up for you didn't I. So don't embarrass me. When you meet this woman just relax and be yourself.
What're you gonna do.
So what would a weekend in the country be without sex.
What're you doing.
I think it's called a shower. You might try it sometime.
I can't find the bong anywhere. Can't you remember where you dropped it.
A hammock.
Look what I found. Remember these.
What d'ya got in there.
Is is everything all right.
Everything's gonna be fine.
You've just learned a valuable lesson. A beautiful girl like you should never go out in the dark alone.
I have to.
If this thing is burned out friggin' Horace will ground my butt.
Darren we better turn around.
Yeah We're gonna scare him.
I'm getting real tired of this maniac.
Sorry Megan. Not this time.
Nancy.
Good. So no more bad dreams can come around here huh.
Well grown-ups think it's funny to be scared.
I'm sure Cort and Sissy are back in their cabins. So you just go back to sleep and don't worry.
I just realized something. Where's Cort. I haven't seen him for hours.
Hold it. Whoa What's your name son.
No problem Rick. Come over and meet a former resident here Tommy Jarvis. He's got some kinda prank going about
Yes.
Well let's hope not.
I'm kind of busy right now
I'm going to kill Jason Voorhees and I need you to help me.
Jesus.
Get up.
That's very colorful chief.
She's beautiful.
I mean how can you go through life without never having made a prank call.
Oh my God Steven.
Well.
Never.
The Captain's been murdered. The buzz is that Jason might be on board.
I think it's time for some recreational activity girl.
Sounds good. I hear there's a shuffleboard court on deck it might be kinds cool
What murders.
He's doing the best he can Charles.
You're making a big mistake Rennie. It's not too late to put you back on land.
If Miss Van Deusen knew how afraid you were of
I refuse to discuss this ridiculous notion that a ghoul is terrorizing this ship.
You let me worry about him okay. Personal experiences are what fuel the minds of great writers Rennie. You made the right decision.
I don't know what to say
What is your location.
Rennie
Hi Sean.
I didn't mean for you to go.
Crosstown.
Say it again.
It's over finished and done with.
You used to love life. You don't exude this any more.
That's what I said eighteen months ago.
I recite it to myself with masochistic relish.
It's your best play Nicky.
Shoot him.
Keep going west. Last building before the river.
This could Pbe it.
What about her.
What.
This is how we've managed to last.
In and out of bed.
Is it.
She is kicking you out.
I see the outline of your body in chalk on this very floor.
What else.
It's your best play Nicky.
All right. What's been going on.
I'd forgotten that.
This could be it.
Nicky comes on Sunday's.
You know the answer to that.
Remember 1949. Last two games of the season. Against the Yankees. The Sox lost on Saturday. Then they lost on Sunday. First I cried for twenty-four hours. Then I had fist- fights the rest of the week.
It's all connected Pop. It's one life. Baseball is memory. How do fathers and sons show their love. They go to a ball game together. Thirty-five years later they sit in the kitchen and remember.
But the son is suppose to stop crying.
I'm lucky they don't knock down the building. It could happen anytime. And everything worth remembering is right here.
What do you want me to do.
Call me Frankie. And it looks like we're going nowhere.
Matthew's my grandson.
Then say it.
If they lost tonight they'll lose tomorrow. It's all over.
When I traveled through Asia this summer I went to tremendous trouble and expense to rent a car with a phone so I could call up Sports Phone in New York and get the scores. I drove through the war in Afghanistan calling Sports Phone like every hour on the hour for updates.
aybe we ought to postpone the opening.
'm not worried about this kid.
Game six is historypal.
To go to the theater. Wears I don't know what. Make-up padding.
Yessiree Bob.
I was educated by nuns.
So does Elliot.
A little.
Say it again.
Is it true.
Where are you going now.
Our Steven not only disguises himself.
I haven't come to you.
A high court judge has confirmed that Mr. Gandhi would have been within his rights to prosecute for assault since neither he nor Mr. Khan resisted arrest. I told you about English law.
Please. You're being foolish.
Take a fifth step that we may serve the people.
If I want to be one with them I have to live like them.
Lots of hair and a little like a college freshman trying to figure everything out.
And Jinnah.
After what they did at the massacre it's only an eye for an eye.
They are preparing for war. I will not support it but I do not intend to take advantage of their danger.
We need your help.
Assuming we are in agreement.
Could we cut all news off. I know 
There are a few million miles to go yet.
No <i>this</i> is your man.
There's that word again. I have a feeling This man doesn't play the odds Detective. Not exactly a slave to probability. Is it likely that a man who has successfully eluded authorities for fifteen yearsa brutal killeris going to come to us now like a lamb.
Is there something more we should know about this suspect Sir. I mean besides what's on his sheet.
He was afraid of being exposed. That's why he did it.
It is hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers. You've seen their security system. They know who works there. Even if you ignore the man's expiration date his profile suggests that he doesn't have the mathematical propensity let alone the stamina to pass their physicals.
We don't have the manpower.
Right now <i>your</i> presence is creating more of a threat. I don't think you have any concept of what we do herehow meticulous our preparations must be. We are about to send twelve people through 140 million miles of blackness to rendezvous with an object the size of a house and the color of coal. So it's rather critical to point them in the right direction. And we certainly don't need you looking over our shoulders. Besides I don't believe there is any evidence that the killer <i>is</i> amongst us. I don't see too many other dead bodies littering the place.
At least it's nothing contagious.
Listen I don't want you to think I'm ungrateful I know you and that little brokerwhat do you call him.
You had to be a right-hander.
He was still warm when they confirmed.
The place is crawling with Hoovers.
They'll recognize me.
Not thirsty. We've got enough virgin samples to last us the week.
You know how it is with these altered births somebody told her she's not going to live forever and she's been preparing to die ever since.
Will you be okay.
Not bad Jerome.
Thank you.
Even with lifts I'm never that tall.
Not that.
I've been asked to compile a log for the investigatorsthey want to know everyone's whereabouts last night.
They found an eyelash.
Why are we leaving.
Who are they.
I can't.
What are you doing.
Not like <i>this</i> one.
They may nail me into this now McCoy.
What do you add up to here.
You okay.
Yeah.
What do you mean. You've never been there.
Better than old times.
I hope so. I am not looking forward to another stretch.
That Beynon's got a long arm.
I guess I'm kind of
How was it.
I was going to fix you breakfast.
 Bank President three tellers and one guard
For exits off Main Street.
Keep going over these. I don't want anybody getting lost.
Waiting's hard. You never learn how.
Tell me about Beynon's ranch.
Why didn't you tell me.
What the hell do you want. Mary Tyler Moore.
When we had trouble before it was different.
You're full of ifs.
Maybe. At least I got to him. Where do we go from here.
No more about Beynon.
What is it.
So what.
Come on come on.
Yeah why not. We're the good guys.
Oh my God.
Gonna knock down a wall.
Chicago.
Suit yourself.
Two.
Wire pull over.
I guess you ain't gonna shoot me are you.
Juarez - Chihuahua City road.
That's what I want.
Two years.
I got a nurse in mind.
I dunno. He's got his ways. He knows Margaret.
What's it got to do with you.
Fine. Nowt wrong with them.
You know what the bloody time is. It's two o'clock in the bloody morning.
What.
That's nice.
I've been asked to make sure you don't.
He's got a new place at Burnham.
She's nothing to do with me.
Once a week you like a gentleman.
What was bugging Frank.
What.
You know Sid Fletcher.
Do you.
I know him too.
Very lucky I should think. You're drunk.
What does he want that bloody great country place for.
Does Brumby get a kick out of that crap.
You've been watching the film.
What girl.
Look look. Get your suit cleaned.
How's school.
That must be interesting.
At me friend's house.
Keith if anybody comes in here and asks for me you let me know. Right.
Heard of a man called Thorpe.
Don't be bloody silly. You're the first since Monday.
What is it.
I'm sorry.
That little shit.
Do you want breakfast.
No. Are you tired.
What you going to do.
You coming back.
Eric. Eric Paice.
What you doing around here then.
Oh that's nice.
What's it to you anyway.
That's not always a healthy way to be
You should have told me who you were working for.
You're finished Jack. You know that don't you. I've bloody finished you.
Do you know I never knew he worked in one of my places.
No. Funny that. Neither did I.
Put it away Jack. You know you won't use it.
What's that.
Polacks
They killed the goose.
That's right.
that's right
Shoes boots yes
Look at Jerry Graff. He's clean he's doing business for himself he's got his that list of his with the nursessee. You see. That's thinking. Why take ten percent. A ten percent commwhy are we giving the rest away. What are we giving ninety perfor nothing. For some jerk sit in the office tell you Get out there and close. Go win the Cadillac. Graff. He goes out and buys. He pays top dollar for the you see.
The nurses.
What do you need. A telephone some broad to say Good morning nothingnothing
Of doing the thing. The difthe difference. Between me and Jerry Graff. Going to business for yourself. The hard part isyou know what it is.
What.
Someone should stand up and strike back.
The Glengarrythe premium leads. I'd say we got five thousand. Five. Five thousand leads.
And you're saying a fella could take and sell these leads to Jerry Graff.
As an idea.
Talking about it as a
You're saying me.
A job with Graff.
You have to steal the leads tonight.
Me.
Oh yes George.
What does that mean.
Why would they come to me.
they take me then. They're going to ask me who were my accomplices.
I lied. Alright. My end is my business. Your end's twenty-five. In or out. You tell me you're out you take the consequences.
Uh-huh.
Well they're old. I saw the shit that they were giving you.
It's a waste of time.
You think they're going to catch where are you going.
Why. Because they're stupid. Where were you last night
No.
No.
That they're going to be upset.
Shelly: get in the office.
Would you excuse us please.
MossWho told him.
Roma would you I'd like to get some lunch
What two.
you want to see the court records. John. Eh. You want to go down
then
What is this you say. A deal kicks outI got to eat. Shit Williamson shit. YouMoss Romalook at the sheetslook at the sheets. Nineteen eighty eighty-oneeighty-twosix months of eighty-twowho's there. Who's up there.
Roma.
Under him.
Is that what you're saying.
That's alright.
I told the customer that his contracts had gone to the bank.
You robbed the office.
Abso
Don't.
My ass. I told 'em. Listen to this: I said
Shit.
You do get the Huh. Huh.
Fuck is that supposed to mean.
Williamson get on the phone call Mitch
You closed 'em today.
Ray is director of all European sales and services for American Ex But I'm saying you haven't had a meal until you've tastedI was at the Lingks' lastas a matter of fact what was that service feature you were talking about.
Uh
Ah. Ah his wife is. Ray: what time do you have.
Oh. My GodI've got to get you on the plane.
Lingk. James Lingk.
It's funny you know you get a picture of the Corporation-Type Company Man all businessthis man no. We'll go out to his home sometime. Let's see. Tomorrow. No. Tomorrow I'm in L.A.MondayI'll take you to lunch where would you like to go.
Who did she call.
What. Say the words.
I don't have the power. I said it.
You going to turn State's.
We haven't got a lead
Why not.
It means Dave you haven't closed a good one in a month none of my business you want to push me to answer you. And so you haven't got a contract to get stolen or so forth.
you want to go out today.
If you don't want it give it back.
I don't want it if you catch my drift.
Three.
Mr. Williamson
Yes.
I have a friend who has a fine rug. Maybe your wife would like it.
What. You read it in the papers.
Vitone. Our driver has drunk too much wine.
Then why do you come to me.
But thank you for speaking to me as a Godfather.
Why'd you do it Frankie. After all these years why'd you turn against him.
That's what I'm here to talk to your brother about. What's with him I got to get a letter of introduction to have a 'sitdown'.
Oh 'scuse me.
Oh. Mikey what's up. I'm totally in the dark.
We're making an investment in Havana.
It was hard to have him killed.
Who.
What is it. Can I help.
I don't have a lot to say Michael.
I bet you can't guess what happened.
In Sicily when you attack a man you had better finish him.
Yes.
Tom isn't going to sit in with us Johnny. He only handles specific areas of the family business. Tom.
But your people Neri Rocco; you don't think
I don't think so. Unless I'm very wrongthey're already dead. Killed by someone insidevery frightened that they botched it. That's why I am going to disappear in a few minutes and leave everything to you.
But if you're wrong
Did the boy get something from me for Christmas.
My information is that Fredo thought it was a kidnapping. Roth assured him nothing would happen to you.
Sit down Tom. Have you heard about our friend and partner Mr. Hyman Roth.
He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
Are you so hungry for traitors; do you want to find them everywhere.
We've never sent this much with one courier.
Yeah I still read a lot. They bring me stuff.
You know there's a Senate Investigating Committee recently set up; we thought it would be unfortunate if they were to trace anything though-provoking to your name.
No one can trace anything to me; I pride myself on that.
I'm sorry Mrs. Corleone. We're not to let you through.
This is my boy and my wife. Mr. John Ola of Miami.
How's the baby.
Where.
That's all. You see in Sicily in the old days there was only one legitimate reason to kill a blood relative only one. IF he was a traitor.
You would have killed his brother.
When he saw his brother in the hearing room he knew what was at stake. I don't think Vincenzo would have done it. He loves the kids too. Omerta Kay. Honor silence. It had nothing to do with me. It was between those brothers.
The baby I lost
However I can help you
The Rosato Brothers have performed services for you in the past; I understand that they are under your protection.
Enjoy.
It occurred to me: the police are paid to fight and the Rebels are not.
Are you the son of Vito Corleone.
I'm sure we all agree with our esteemed colleague. Now Mr. Corleone you have been advised as to your legal rights. We have had testimony from a preceding witness who states you are head of the most powerful Mafia family in this country. Are you.
I know. That's why I want you to be fair with them.
Trust me; do as I ask.
I know.
Sure Mike. I'll go along.
We could have talked first saved a lot of running around.
Your good heart in helping the poor widow has shamed me and I want to show that I too have some Christian charity. Her rent will remain what it was.
I say let loverboy watch his movie. And be grateful Boone's not cutting Shirley Temple's lawn.
Just thinking out loud.
You know what. I think you guys are all jealous.
Gimme a break. I'm going to sit on my ass while he draws pictures. Is that going to hurt him.
No. We live simply Mr. Jimmy and I. People come to play bridge. And now and then young men to swim. You have people Boone.
Of course. I am married still.
A homo.
It's not what you think.
But how're you going to explain this. How did you get him out of the pool.
I couldn't help but notice your tattoo. That phrase. Death Before Dishonor. What does it mean.
No. Iced tea's fine.
They were familiar when I painted them. That one's copied from a Dutch still life done almost three hundred years ago. And that's a Rembrandt.
Huh.
I apologize for going on like this. It's the Sunday painter in me. Of course I can understand your refusal. It's a great deal to ask of someone.
Did you see this. They're showing one of your movies tomorrow night.
But it's just my face you want to draw.
Dripping. Do you ever eat dripping in this country. The fat from roasts and such congealed in jars. Used like butter on bread.
Sounds like something you feed the dog.
Your family ate dripping.
We weren't rich. But we weren't poor either.
Yes I believe you could. How free is your schedule this afternoon.
What you do is no business of mine. Live and let live I say.
I'm curious Mr. Boone. What convinced you to come back.
Same difference Mr. Boone. Disgust fear of the unknown all part of the great gulf that stands between us. Am I right in assuming that you've had little experience with men of my persuasion.
Are you enjoying yourself.
Actually no. I feel a little out of place.
It's not like her.
I never made it to Korea.
Them's the breaks right. No war stories for this pup.
What did you expect. Bronze.
I'm not that way. Get it through your fucking head. I don't want to mess with you.
I haven't done a damn thing with you.
This kisser wasn't so bad you couldn't lay under it a few times.
If you don't believe me let's watch this movie. See if his name's on it. How about it Harry. Can I watch my damn movie.
Jimmy there are people here I need to speak to. You'll be fine on your own.
We're all getting a bit long in the tooth.
Is that Boris. Our little chum appears to be arranging a reunion.
I have my family. Also our Lord Jesus Christ.
That is my daughter. She say she and her husband are coming to town this afternoon. I am sorry Mr. Jimmy. I will make it short.
Twenty-one. The romantic comedies and dramas were much more to my liking. The horror pictures were trifles. Grand guignol for the masses.
He's one of the great images of the twentieth century. As important as the Mona Lisa.
I'm sorry I spoiled it for you. You should probably go home.
Sit.
Six years. Shit. Time flies don't it. Six years ago we were fartin' through Armani and pissin' Cristal. Now look at us 
Well well. You've caused quite a ruckus 
Well now he's clear. And you'll stay away from him
They just brought in Donny Astricky. Shot by a jacker 
What for.
You have my word
I hope it's not your dear sweet mother
Or your baby brother. What was his name.
How you doing man.
Wow. They got Eleanor here .
I miss Orville Redenbacher already 
Yes I do in fact. John Wayne in McO
The corner of Hawthorne and Granvia. Tumbler messed up. He said the Lotus would be at the corner of Hawthorne and Granvia 
He doesn't return my calls. or my letters 
Breakfast brunch .
I dunno. It was right here. Someone musta' boosted it back
Hey Kip 
Yeah -
Nah. It's a scratch.
Hey you want something to eat .
About Calitri. No worries man. I'll call him. He's a reasonable dude 
You can handle it.
You.
I like how you wallop back in here - after four years - and can still get all Clifford Huxtable on my shit 
Shadow games 
What did I tell you. What. What did I tell you.
I've missed you man 
Toby
Hell yeah. She's not my unicorn.
Buy you a drink.
On account of Mitch.
What's wrong with her .
She was the only Annie you could find.
No. I had a girl. She was great. The problem is: great girls come along once every ten years. So I gotta wait another three years before I can even bother to look
Arright Enough I can't have you bellying up to my heart again man f you can't help falling off the stool. But he puts his mouth to her ears 
I ratchet your ignition mechanism 
You're still quite the boost Randall Raines  Except now I've been chopped and my parts are in a Honda Prelude being driven to church in South America by some Bolivian consulate's wife 
Where to .
Am I dying. Are all the angels of my life returning to bid a final farewell. And have my angels completely lost their fashion sense .
A people is a detour of nature to get 6 or 7 great men - Yes and then to get around them Nietzsche said that.
Split it up. Any word on Donny.
Why do you call it Eleanor.
So she flies -
Not really -
Listen to him. Watch the suit he says. A little pisser I've known all my life. Hey Tommy don't go get too big.
No. No. The guy from downtown.
No. The other one. The one who disappeared up the block from Christie. The one they made a beef on.
I don't want any more of that Shit.
Nods.
Anybody. You understand.
Right in my face. You looked in my face and you lied.
But Paulie I'm sorry. Believe me. I was fucking crazy. But I'm okay now. I can be trusted. I'm clean now. On my children. Believe me. Two weeks cold turkey waiting for bail got my head together
Have more coffee. It'll wake you up.
What are you gonna do.
The bag with the envelopes.
I don't care. Something's going on.
Jezuz Christ.
I can't do it anymore.
But you've got to see your parole officer in the afternoon and I promised we'd take Judy to F.A.O. Schwarz.
She's beautiful. Look at her. Henry look at her.
Okay. Don't worry about it. It's okay.
Paulie was just talking about him.
You want the melon.
What fucking good are these things. They don't fit. What do I need this for. I'm not paying for this shit.
I think you got a good shot at beating the case.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah.
I don't care. I need my hat. I won't go without it.
He's with his friends.
Ma. Please. You're driving me crazy.
We'll pack up everything and send it to you.
But I'm worried. I'm hearing all kinds of things. Paulie. You know me all my life. I've always done the right thing.
Someday they'll get what's coming to them. That's the only way they'll stop.
How's the woman.
What do I want a way outta here for. I want to live here the rest of my life. I want to be your next door neighbor. I want to take out kids to little league together up Foley Field.
That isn't funny
Yah that is a nice ass.
Would you shut the fuck up. I know what you ordered I was there.
What's up guys.
What'd you say about me.
All right are we gonna have a problem.
That's exactly right Will. So the question as I see it isn't why should you work for N.S.A. it's why shouldn't you.
Seven.
Fuck do you want.
That's right.
that.
I told you to cooperate with these people.
Maybe I don't want to spend my life sittin' around and explaining shit to people.
This job Do it if it's what you really want.
Uh-oh.
No. LAMBEAU Okay thank you Timmy.
Sean.
I've been busy Gerry. I got a full schedule.
They worked together for the remainder of their lives producing some of the most exciting math theory ever done. Ramanujan's genius was unparalleled Sean. This boy is like that. But he's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to him.
Why me.
My kind of background.
Not Rick. You didn't send him to Rick.
I got it.
Who.
Now wait a minute
Oh that's nice
How about one now.
I don't know Gotta be at least four to one.
Who is he.
Well she out did herself today
Like what Will.
Have you read all these books Will.
I'm not here for a fuckin' book report. They're your books why don't you read 'em.
What is.
Watch your mouth.
How'd it go.
Fine.
I don't know.
Why not.
I teach this shit I didn't say I knew how to do it.
I gave that up when my wife got sick.
Why. Because of the pain I feel now. I have regrets Will but I don't regret a singel day I spent with her.
October 21 1975. Game six of the World Series. Biggest game in Red Sox history Me and my friends slept out on the sidewalk all night to get tickets. We were sitting in a bar waiting for the game to start and in walks this girl. What a game that was. Tie game in the bottom of the tenth inning in steps Carlton Fisk hit a long fly ball down the left field line. Thirty-five thousand fans on their feet screamin' at the ball to stay fair. Fisk is runnin' up the baseline wavin' at the ball like a madman. It hits the foul pole home run. Thirty-five thousand people went crazy. And I wasn't one of them.
I don't know.
Not to me they're not.
Nobody gets what they ask for Will. That's a cop-out.
What.
No. Have you had any experience with that.
It's not your fault.
I know.
It's not your fault.
Which one did you take Will.
Over at Tri-tech. One of the jobs Professor Lambeau set me up with. I haven't told him yet but I talked to my new boss over there and he seemed like a nice guy.
When you think about it it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee.
It's Will the really funny good looking guy you met at the bar.
Is Harvard gettin' all that money.
Have you ever seen Annie Hall.
Oh you will.
It was great. There was always someone to play with give you advice.
I've never seen your place.
All right all right. We'll go.
When.
I thought you said you'd show me your place.
All right Mr. Nosey Parker. Let me ask you a question. Do you have a photographic memory.
Just for fun.
Nobody does organic chemistry for fun. It's unnecessary. Especially for someone like you.
Not a lick. I look at a piano and I see black and white keys three pedals and a box of wood. Beethoven Mozart they looked at it and it just made sense to them. They saw a piano and they could play. I couldn't paint you a picture I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway Park and I can't play the piano
Well what aren't you scared of. You live in your safe little world where nobody challenges you and you're scared shitless to do anything else
Is that what you think
No you don't want to hear that.
Don't bullshit me. Don't fuckin' bullshit me.
Take care.
All right mister. I'll go. You just show your license to contrack an' then you make out a orderwhere an' when an' how much you gonna payan' you sign it an' we'll go.
Twenty days work oh boy.
Maybe. Maybe twenny days work maybe *no* days work. We ain't got it till we get it.
Woman can change better'n a man. Man lives in jerksbaby born or somebody dies that's a jerkgets a farm or loses one an' that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow like a stream little eddies little waterfalls but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that.
Naw. They paroled me.
Want to work.
Take it or leave it. There's 200 men coming from the South that'll be glad to get it.
Deputy sheriffs.
Joad. Tom Joad.
Say who runs this place.
*You* find out I can't.
That cut you got.
I'll tell 'em. But I don't know how. Never seen so many guys with guns. Wouldn't even let us talk today.
Seems like we wasn't never gonna do nothin' but move. I'm so tar'd.
But we can still do it honey.
They shore don't waste no time. Take her out.
Then what are you doin' this kind a thing foragainst your own people.
I stay in my own yard.
You want to get ast to eat hunh.
Now listen Grampa. Listen to me just a minute.
You know what I al'ays said: Tom'll come bustin' outa that jail like a bull through a corral fence. Can't keep no Joad in jail.
Ma. Pa. Grampa his eyes hurt and hunted and frightened and bewildered scratches in the dirt.
No longer'n we can get acrost her.
Okay. Go ahead but you better keep movin'.
Sometimes I'm all jumpy inside.
Ma you know if Connie was here I wouldn't min' any a this.
Ya say we're acrost.
Fust thing I'll get is coffee cause ever'body been wantin' that an' then some flour an' bakin' powder an' meat. Better not get no side- meat right off. Save that for later. Maybe Sat'dy. Got to get some soap too. An' milk. Rosasharn's got to have some milk.
Get some sugar too for the coffee.
Tom. They's a whole lot I don't understan' but goin' away ain't gonna ease us. They was the time when we was on the lan'. They was a bound'ry to us then. Ol' folks died off an' little fellas come an' we was always one thing we was the famblykinda whole an' clear. But now we ain't clear no more. They ain't nothin' keeps us clear. Alhe's a-hankerin' an' a- jibbitin' to go off on his own. An' Uncle John is just a-draggin' along. Pa's lost his placehe ain't the head no more. We're crackin' up Tom. They ain't no fambly now. Rosasharn she gonna have her baby but *it* ain't gonna have no fambly. I been tryin' to keep her goin' butWinfiel' what's he gonna be this-a-way. Growin' up wild an' Ruthie too like animals. Got nothin' to trus'. Don't go Tom. Stay an' help. Help me.
They was some cops here Ma. They was takin' down the license numbers. It looks like somebody knows sump'n.
I'd like to stay. I'd like to be with ya an' see your face when you an' Pa get settled in a nice little place. I sure wish I could see you then. But I guess I won't never be able to do that. Not now.
You don't aim to kill nobody Tom.
Then it don't matter. Then I'll be all aroun' in the dark. I'll be ever'wherewherever you look. Wherever there's a fight so hungry people can eat I'll be there. Wherever there's a cop beatin' up a guy I'll be there. I'll be in the way guys yell when they're madan' I'll be in the way kids laugh when they're hungry an' they know supper's ready. An' when our people eat the stuff they raise an' live in the houses they build why I'll be there too.
Could you see your way clear to sell us a loaf of bread ma'am.
Whyn't you buy a san'wich. We got nice san'widges.
What was the use. He was right. There wasn't a thing in the world I could do about it.
She's jus' wore out that's all.
Awright go on. Ain't nobody stoppin' ya.
Cut it out Pa. He'p Al with the truck. Don't fret honey. You goin' to be awright.
You sure you got ever'thing ready.
You're so funny
No.
Welcome back. I'm Arlene Oslott- Joseph.
Never better.
So you eat read it everyday.
How long has it been.
Well let me see they tore down the George Orwell monument and put up a bust of George Michael. Main Street's a four-laner no left turns four to seven. I was married and divorced. And Grosse Pointe is now officially the new sister city to Lower Hutt New Zealand. We have fiber-optic town meetings every two months.
Well you'll have a ball. You seem to have everything everybody wants when they go back. The car the suit the watch. The look. That just leaves the little things like happiness character point of view
Unbelievable.
Shoulda brought my gun.
Even though I left you never left me. Not just memory but a substance in my blood.
Like love.
He was trying to kill you right.
About five years now.
A sociopath kills for no reason. I kill for money.
How do you know.
You needn't be so frank with me about your work.
Why not. I trust you. You couldn't turn me in because of Doctor-Patient privilege and I don't want to be withholding and I know where you live.
I want two eggs poached hash brown well-done. English muffin for the bread. And a coffee.
No harm no foul.
I know what I do isn't moral per se but if you could just look past that you'd see a man worth loving.
Have you seen Debi Newberry.
The more things change the more they Goddamned well stay the same.
We can't do our job unless he does his job.
All of it.
Would you describe their position as inflexible.
I liquidated the last account in Zurich and split it into two new ones in Estonia.
You haven't looked at the dossier.
I'll call them and tell them you're taking your time. Being a professional.
So what happened to you.
Same thing that happened to you I stopped poutin' there on the sidelines. Got in. Got on the team. I joined the working week you slick fucking asshole so why don't you valet park your high horse and take it easy on your old buddy Paul.
Martin I don't know where you've been since you abandoned my daughter ten years ago and I don't care. It was good that you left and I'm glad you did. So what do you want to talk about. You've grown up a bit. Maybe I had you figured wrong.
Why not.
Well OK here it is Uh I'd like you to take a look at my horse. Now it won't take long and if after that you still don't feel
So how was your first and last day of branding.
Does Chicago count.
Lucky for you. The grizzlies around here only go for joggers.
Why don't you ride anymore. Grace told me you used to ride when she was younger.
The answer's no.
Is this how you're going to make me pay my phone bill.
Well he don't know that. Just sit the horse. Good You have a nice seat.
How long did you live here with your wife.
I won't apologize for this. And I won't hide it. Not for anybody.
Summers are short here Annie. There isn't much of a fall. Before you know it the roads are closed the nights get long.
The point was to love each other.
No you didn't.
I think we should. It's not fair to let him suffer. He's not much use anymore. He'd hate living like that.
I think that's very compassionate and mature way of looking at it.
I don't believe this.
You're amazing. You act like I don't live in that house. Don't you think I hear the two of you. Don't you think I can tell what's going on. I'm not five years old Mom. You want to divorce Daddy and Daddy doesn't want to.
He doesn't have to. It's like so obvious you can't stand him.
Then why do you want to leave.
Grace I don't hate your father.
My period.
Oh come on. This is such bullshit. The work is getting done David. Lucky keeps me on top of everything.
 And uh Mario called about moving the wisteria.
Sing it to me Frankie.
Why did you go.
I'm not asking you to. I'll do it.
Her psychiatrist said she needs security now stability
What if she doesn't want to go.
Yeah. She seems to be getting more comfortable on the ranch which is why I said yes to this move. But whenever it's just the two of us I don't know Anyway what's happening with the Delco lawsuit.
I know. We miss you too.
Good night.
Oh. I didn't look at my faxes today. We left before sunrise.
Small bed. Maybe I should sleep in the barn.
Connecticut. I told the office I'd work out of there next week. When are you planning to start back.
May I have a suggestion.
Well did you ever think about hiring a business manager.
It's so cruel.
I fell in love. After that I never thought about being anything but a rancher's wife. I never saw it like I was losing some other life just felt like I was gaining one. I know that's not a popular opinion nowadays and I ain't saying it's the right one. We all have to find the life meant for us.
What.
Annie I'm not good at this kind of talk goes round and round a thing but never comes to it so let's just say what it is. When you first came here I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom means a lot to me and this family. Don't go looking here for whatever you looking for. Don't make that man go through something it took him a long time to see his way clear out of the first time.
Wait uh I I don't understand. Start again He's alive
I have some brownies left over. Want one.
I don't know if I can.
I can't not yet
What does that mean.
 and I said that
Do you want something else honey. We order something else.
What sweetheart.
What are you looking at young man.
What stuff is that.
About horses. I'd love to learn more about it myself. Do you offer any private lessons for riders.
Listen to this bullshit. This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality skin color or religious bias. You wage wars murder cheat lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good yet we're the criminals. Yes I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker and this is my manifesto. Huh right manifesto. You may stop me but you can't stop us all.
It's cool.
Shit.
Shh.
Active matrix man. A million psychedelic colors. Man baby sweet ooo.
Hold on a second.
Well I got a lot alright. I don't know how many but my head hurts.
What are you stoned or stupid. You don't hack a bank across state lines from your house you'll get nailed by the FBI. Where are your brains in your ass. Don't you know anything.
Look you wanna be elite. You gotta do a righteous hack. None of this accidental shit.
Never send a boy to do a woman's job. With me we can do it in seven.
Well this hasn't happened yet.
Go fix the phones.
Did you talk to him.
Dead.
Dade.
What are you doing.
Well yeah I just haven't found one as charming as you yet.
No. No one special.
I'm sorry. Who are you.
That's a nice score for a girl.
Burn. You're Acid Burn. You booted me out of OTV.
Are you challenging me.
Make it my first born.
You're not gonna win.
Oh wow she's great.
Uhhh. ahahaha
Uhhhmm
There's a new virus in the database.
Phreakphreakphreakphreakphreak dudedudedudedudedudedude I gotta
Joey Joey
Yo what's up.
Once again don't call me Eugene. A recent unknown intruder penetrated using a superuser acount giving him access to our whole system.
I created Mister da Vinci so we could call in the Secret Service. So they'd arrest the hacker sieze his equipment things that we can't do on our own.
Basically uhmm yeah. Mmm hmmm.
Jesus. You know you're sick Eugene. You
Murphy kid turn you down.
From here I got access to every piece of data ever stored on Dade Murphy's parents. His parents separated five years ago reconciled two years later filed for divorce last year custody battle boy chose to go with his mother. Hmm.
Thank you.
Hello operator. I'm having trouble dialing a number.
Purpose of visit.
So I have to watch Jamie tonight.
Shit.
It's hard to tell there all chewed up.
Why shouldn't I.
Now where are you going.
Not like 'ol Ben Meeker do something like that.
We're going to Ben's. The phone never just rings at a police station.
Your lucky. I wish she could do the same for me.
I don't want to.
I wanna go trick-or-treating like the other kids.
It was the nightmare man
I can't.
What are you doing out here alone.
You don't believe that do you.
Kelly I want you to close and lock all the downstairs windows.
Why don't you go make some coffee.
Fact it Rach you are desperate. Your just going to go in and buy a costume for Jamie. Perfectly legit.
Where are you going.
The state police won't know how to stop him.
Do you.
132 to 133 this is 134.
Making sure that no one can get in here.
When he makes that call.
We just talked.
Sure.
Well are we still on for tonight.
Shit.
Then you rip my clothes off. Then we rip LYNDSEY'S clothes off. I think I've got it.
Promise.
I suppose I do seem a bit sinister for a doctor.
I watched him for fifteen years sitting in a room staring at a wall not seeing the wall seeing past it seeing THIS NIGHT. He's waited for it inhumanly patient. Hour after hour day after day waiting for some silent invisible alarm to trigger him. Death has arrived in your little town sheriff. You can ignore it or you can help me stop it.
As usual I don't have anything to do.
I don't like that story.
We're no getting anywhere. All right look Tommy. The bogyman can only come out on Halloween night right.
I'm scared
DO WHAT I SAY. NOW.
She's washing her clothes.
Thorazin.
Come in come in.
You know April people pass by vital structures in this city all the time and they never take the time to appreciate them. I get the feeling you tune in to your environment.
I know. It's terrible.
Oh.
Yeah.
Well sometimes some uh
Hmm.
Okay Norman listen I really want to talk about this at home. I think it's a matter for your analystand mine.
Really. Is the food that bad.
Oh what what do you do.
You mentioned on the phone that you'd had some dizziness.
How ya doin' man.
It's not that big a deal. We just didn't hit it off.
I got a lot more to learn though. I really wasn't into art when I was a kid.
Oh my goodness.
Hi.
Well I'm-I'm looking for a bookstore.
Oh yes. You live near here don't you.
You seem tense. Is everything all right. You feel okay.
No.
Yes.
I-I read a poem of you and thought of his last week. A poem of his and thought of you last You'll be fine though. Lee walks over to Elliot in the center aisle. She looks at the book.
Yes I'dI-I-I'd love I'd love to get you this.
Thanks for showing me the bookstore. Perhaps you could uh take me to an AA meeting sometime. Uhuh I'd love to see what goes on.
Page a hundred and twelve.
Oh.
What are you doing.
Wh it-it-it-it it's so sad. She's crazy about me but somewhere on the along the line I've fallen out of love with her.
Why.
Yes but you you do care about me.
No.
And you're in love overnight.
Great idea.
Yeah but IuhI thought you needed that. When-when-when we met you said your life was chaos.
Get his wine away.
I don't understand. I thought that you would be happy.
Yeah I know. But never to exist again.
Absolutely.
Me.
Elliot lusts after you.
Big. Frederick show him the oils.
Because I have to.
You've been with someone.
Oh God that's too much responsibility for me. It's not fair. I want a less complicated life Frederick. I want a husband maybe even a child before it's too late.
Oh Jesus.
I can't keep my mind on the show.
Can I tell you something. Can I tell you a secret.
Doesn't she look pretty.
Oh
Huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay kids you can open the presents now.
you know. I uh
Isn't that great.
Fro. You want a-a defrosted kid. Is that your idea.
Okay okay.
Holly please. Don't insult me.
When does Frederick ever come with her.
It's uh you never know
Not this Thanksgiving you know.
Really.
You know.
Boy I knew you'd be discouraging.
You're crazy. That's not true.
Well
Wow I guess I hit a nerve.
Well if you didn't like it you didn't like it but you didn't have to talk while the guy was singing.
I was so bored.
This crowd wouldn't know the difference. They're embalmed.
Yeah.
We didn't hit it off.
Nobody ever said it.
I may I may have to get back into it 'cause my accountant says that I'm running out of dollars. Butbut um no I haven't I just sort of dropped out for a year
I'm Yes. Yes I'm fine. I'm fine. How are you.
Oh I'm fine.
Well it was just fabulous. I'm I you know
Oh gosh you really think I can write.
Gosh you really went through a crisis you know that. H-how did you get over it. I mean when I ran into you you seemed you seemed just perfectly fine. Well you seem fine now.
When'd you get here.
Hi.
Well I'm not saying that I want to join or anything butbut I know you guys believe in reincarnation you know so it interests me.
They're offering
<u>please</u>
I have not read you your rights.
Perhaps you did not have the <u>support</u> you required.
It's a growth business.
Orderly.
Yes I presumed it was about him.
Waal because your <u>selling</u>'em Two years ago his annotated Dictionary of Cuisine by Alexander Dumas went for sixteen thousand dollars. Seller's affidavit of ownership signed Cary Panz. P.A.N.Z. Sounds to me like an Orderly. Whadja clear on the book. Ten twelve grand.
Not as much as being jailed for theft of Government Property or for failure to pay income tax on undisclosed income.
<u>That's</u> the spirit
Well if he hasn't I'm vastly mistaken.
You want to get married.
And who is they.
Then I'm doing fine.
Why did he come back.
they're from Baltimore.
Now why in the world would he do that.
You should get the kids a <u>dog</u>
and then he'll be coming down.
what'm I looking at.
No.
Just a moment. Starling didn't
I don't <u>think</u> so
You nervous.
I'm an orphan.
Waal
Well you know <u>my</u> name honey but <i>I</i> don't know <u>yours</u>
A wonderful country
No this is <u>pleasure</u>
You have a recent scar on the back of your hand.
Why did you look at me that way.
You assemble this on the instant from these few observations.
I'm a historian. It is our task to assemble the seemingly unconnected into the obvious.
Who does not.
I've left my <u>program</u>
Make them eat the figurine.
Is it necessary to know.
You look lovely.
It is not that I care for <u>you</u>but that I posses an enquiring mind. What will you <u>do</u> when I am gone. When you have nothing to occupy your thoughts save the memory of your own folly and more to the point stupidity.
<u>Yes</u>.
Would that add to your <u>mirth</u>.
I guess the only thing is Suck it Up
Yeah well they solved that: turns out he'uz a <u>cannibal</u>
Mr. Crawford asked my opinion. Here we've got a purported x-ray Dr. Lechter's surgery. Do we keep it secret or broadcast it.
the purpose of the exercise is it because they are <u>expensive</u>
and then we're going to <u>Greece</u>
Hello.
I know where he is.
<u>Do</u> you. What does that mean.
Waal you hold fast to that thought as I'm sure that's a clue
I can't remember. I've got to make some money.
I'm sorry I don't mean to be impolite. Because you know you can't understand.
and to have <u>done</u> it means can mean to accept not only <u>danger</u> but <u>betrayal</u>.
would you use a small word.
I told that woman I'm an orphan.
Yes.
Why are you being so grouchyThis is an important night for us
Don't raise your voice atI gave you the ultimate male fantasysex nothing on the side. Don't pretend we shared anything other than fluids.
You mean you didn't have any gay thoughts when you were my age
I was pretty confident that I was going to blow it with Talia but I must say I outdid myself.
You know I think I left something by the lake. Could you check it out You'll know it when you see it
Ann Taylor would have paid a lot more but I wouldn't trade this experience for the world. Sometimes the first time you understand anything is when you have to explain it to someone younger You think I'm a big dork don't you.
I love you. Don't say I love you too. I hate thatlove you too.
I know what you mean. But it doesn't put me in too great a position
I should leave. You probably need your rest.
Sorry Veronica.
Hey really I don't feel so great.
Goddamn. Will somebody please tell me why I read this spy crap.
J.D. You seem pretty amused. I thought you were giving up on high school guys.
Is this turnout weak or what. I had <u>at least</u> seventy more people at my funeral.
Oh God Veronica my afterlife is s-o-o boring. If I have to sing Kumbaya one more time
King David.
What's your damage Heather. You ruined my
Ram asked me out but he wants to double with Kurt and Kurt doesn't have a date.
I've been moved around all my life; Dallas Baton Rouge Vegas Sherwood Ohio there's always a 7-11. Any town any time I can pop a Ham and Cheese in the microwave and feast on a Big Wheel. Keeps me sane.
Really. That thing in the caf today was pretty severe.
Trust me. She skips the Saturday morning trip to Grandma's even when she's not hungover.
No luck. Well milk and orange juice'll do quite nicely. Quite nicely.
I die knowing no one knew the real me.
Get crucial. We won't be using blanks this time.
First tell me this similarity is not incredible.
They used them on themselves to make it look like they were dead. Really quite a brilliant device but too flamboyant to seriously produce.
Oh.
We've got a Playgirl a candy dish a Joan Crawford post card and lipstick.
Your son's dead and you love him.
The bomb asshole.
Hey kid isn't the prom coming up.
How was the funeral.
Heather Chandler Kurt Kelly and Rupert Ram Sweeney all had good looks and popularity but there's one thing they didn't have: Values Ambition and Hope.
Stained with loserness. Oh I like it. Can I use that. It'd be dynamite on interoffice memoranda.
It's all yours Heather. Now if you'll excuse me I'm going to go throw up.
Actually Mr. Rieper it's a novel and we'll be sending it to New York. That's where all the big publishing houses are based.
Look who I've found.
waves a pair of new socks around. The family laughing and talking. Pauline is not participating. She is leaning back looking morose. HONORA looks at her with concern.
is chopping firewood in the back garden. HONORA approaches him.
What now.
You've got to eat Yvonne. You hardly touched our dinner. I'm not having you falling ill.
I just want to be on my own for a while.
holds up a loaded fork. Pauline reluctantly takes it.
Can I go now.
My name is Gina.
She says the standard of your work is slipping. At this rate she doesn't think you'll get School Certificate.
Who cares.
I felt thoroughly depressed and even quite seriously considered committing suicide. Life seems so much not worth the living death such an easy way out.
They sent me off to the Bahamas for the good of my health. They sent me to the Bay of bloody Islands for the good of my health.
I'm sorry Mrs. Rieper. I'm feeling quite fatigued.
Oh-what a nice outfit.
But you're not fat Mrs. Rieper.
James will be there and Mario. Only they'll be saints.
Okay Mr. Statistics I've got one for you. What's the most common cause of death for adults over the age of eighteen.
Hey Bret. Christ my head feels like a split coconut.
Give me a break. I checked back into the hospital- amongst other things.
Hospital. You haven't been to the hospital since uh
Yeah. You and who else.
Last time anybody saw this woman she was alive. You seem to certain she's dead.
That was cold
You win. Okay pull over.
What isn't wrong. Why are you doing this anyway.
Thanks for coming down Mr. Gooding. Has your head healed okay by now.
It should all in the report. I told you guys everything. She was giving birth in the fucking car. She grabbed the wheel and I lost control.
Hello. City. Cops. It's a fucking conspiracy.
Okay how many fingers am I holding up.
Poor Trevor.
This game is over do you hear me.
Dreams.
I've never said this to a woman before but can't we talk a little bit before grabbing at each other.
Hey you're the guy from down the hall.
Hey Bubber c'mere. I gotta talk to you buddy.
That's for Ga Ms. Gayley.
I'm not saying I hate sick people or anything but I hate being <u>around</u> them if you know what I mean. There <u>you</u> go you <u>inspire</u> this kid to <u>live</u>. I probably woulda vomited on him.
You got it. Four year scholarship to a top college plus Medical School or Law School or whatever Joey wants; pay off the $2500 to my attorney plus pay her fee in full plus my annual consulting fee
You'll tell him I talked you out of jumping right. Just keep me outta prison.
I got your bail continued.
He gives a good report and I walk.
A son yeah. What about him. Joey.
She don't like me to see him. Says I'm a bad influence.
Mister LaPlante I really want to help you but crazy stories are only going to make it worse. The D.A. is asking your bail be set at twenty-five thousand dollars because you were arrested again while you were out on bail
Spanish kinda guys.
Nine. I think. Maybe ten. Yeah ten. Nice kid.
The thing about kids is they're so young. They don't know nothin' yet. When you're a kid you think you're gonna grow up an' be a wonderful person instead of an asshole like everybody else.
You mean like Bubber. The hero.
Yeah like that. Same thing.
He's in bed. You're not gonna wake him and make him crazy do you understand. He comes home from the zoo he wants to know if Elliot's a war hero like you he wants to know how many people you killed
Underbelly.
Well I'm not entitled to a million dollars. I I didn't expect I didn't expect
Uh no. But I uh wonder if you could up support support a program to help the needy and
Years. There are going to be lots of opportunities.
A script. I thought we just walked through everything
You're doing fine. You didn't actually lift me though. It was more like you supported me.
Gale. This is for you. I want you to know I never meant to hurt you. This will explain everything.
What's the matter.
TheSilverMikeAward.
He's gotta be a nut. He saves all those people and swipes a <u>purse</u>.
She broke up with her boyfriend. Listen babe we needja back. You gotta follow up on the jumper find the human interest in the grim unending tale of woe that pours from the wounded heart of the heartless metropolis.
You were in bed. Weren't you.
Oh my God. Bernie.
Reporters don't have hormones.
Hey Miss Gayley there's a cop looking for you. From Robbery Detail Inspector Dayton. He wants you to call him.
What about.
Excuse me Ms. Gayley. That guy Inspector Dayton he's recovered a bunch of your credit cards and he wants
Look at that. You can't buy better protection than that. That there is your Man's Best Friend.
Hey c'mon.
I'm happy that you're working again. As long as it comes naturally that's terrific. You've always liked working with your hands haven't you.
That's terrific. Don't be afraid to be demonstrative. You're sounding a lot more confident than when we last spoke.
As long as you keep remembering why.
The whole disapproval thing. If you allow yourself to get into a situation where someone else's potential disapproval becomes the focal point of your life then you're back to a life of fear aren't you.  You're a prisoner to that again and that isn't much of a life.
Well these are good signs she's broken up with him and the two of you seem to be developing quite a rapport.
Everything breaks at once.
An occupational hazard I'm afraid.
Thank God.
I think we got it just in time before the ink dried.
I hear what you're saying but I know what you're thinking.
Honey are you okay.
No.
One day before we know it it'll be an old house and we'll be old in it and I'll still be paying for it.
What what are you doing.
Honey it's not the end of the world. You'll call Lowenthal tomorrow and find out it was just a mix-up. And if he's not interested anymore then you'll find another company to go to maybe even your own. You are free now you are independent.
This is for the best you know it is. Why do my socks keep disappearing.
This is a terrific entrance hall What a welcoming feeling.
We'll get cable when the cable company is good and ready you think you can survive till then.
A <u>man</u> started the fire.
Oh yeah. Where's the bed.
My name is Jennifer Hillman. I'm an archaeologist. I read in the paper about the murder yesterday and I thought I should come talk to you.
It's not a homicide Lieutenant.
Doesn't it scare you walk through the park at night.
I brought you here to talk about him. Do you know him.
You sure.
There will be more to the prize than that. Power will come with it and it must be used for good.
Must you do that.
Can't you enjoy it quietly.
That's all.
If it came down to it what would you do.
The sea and I don't agree with each other. Where we off to.
Where do you go when your mind drifts.
Why are you doing this.
Any idea how big the cavern is on the other side.
A lucky guess.
Because it's my name.
Why do you stare at me like that.
Do you always walk around with a sword.
No.
You're not an easy person to get to know.
the crest of a lion and a dragon and a single word: Courage.
Be careful Conner.
We found him this morning.
I am stronger than you Highlander.
I'll no forget you.
I heard voices downstairs. Is everything alright.
Good afternoon Mr. Parker.
Good afternoon  Shirley.
The house belongs to Walter and Pamela Smith. They've got two kids a girl about fifteen and a boy younger Jennifer and Thomas.
What'd you find out.
Maybe we're getting too dramatic. It's three kids. They'll give up the cops will arrest them and that's that. Why would they search the house.
You think we should take that chance.
<u>Get on the floor</u>.
You won't die if you let me help.
Bullshit.
<u>Shut up. Shut up and get on the floor</u>.
We could've gone out the back. You didn't have to shoot.
That cop didn't pull his gun. Mars lied. He just started shooting.
These bushes follow the wall into the neighbor's yard. All we need is some kind of diversion and we're home free.
We're fucked.
It's over now Dennis. Don't hurt anyone.
Hey Dennis. Can I let you in on a personal secret.
Give up.
All you're doing is watching yourself on TV. <u>Look</u> at him.
Find something: Extension cords rope wirewe'll have to tie them tight.
Okey-doke.
L.A. County Sheriffs are inbound from a bank robbery in Pico Rivera.
You sure.
I don't know how long I'll be stuck here.
You go Thomas. You get out and I'll stay with Daddy.
Dennis and Mars are in the den. I'll get your brother then come back for you. We'll go down the stairs and out the front door you understand.
She didn't answer.
I want to know what in hell you're doing.
The truck is registered to Dennis James Rooney white male twenty-two. He has an Agua Dulce address.
How do you people expect this to work. The Sheriffs have a Crisis Response Team here.
Slow down Thomas. Take it easy and talk to me. Was your father shot.
I've got the boy on the phone. He's using a cell phone. What was that son. I didn't hear you.
He has lots of disks.
When this phone rings you answer. It will be me. I'll tell you what to do. When I have what I want you get your family.
I have people in York Estates right under your nose. If you do <u>anything</u> except what I'm telling you you'll get Jane and Amanda back in the mail. We clear on that.
I guess we do.
Gregoire there are no cockroaches in this hotel do you understand.
I am Paul Rusesabagina a good friend of General Bizimungu.
You work at the Hotel Diplomat.
Do you know how to open the safe there. Our government needs to use the hotel and the room keys are in the safe. You must open it.
Please I don't use guns.
Give me it.
Have you requested re-enforcements.
Paul I've sent my soldiers to rescue the Lady Prime Minister she'll need a room.
The American assured the colonel that they would watch everything.
The American said intervention is too costly better to get photographic evidence and snatch up the high command.
The high command. Our high command.
You have cockroaches dancing on tables and you tell me the cellar is empty. Did they drink my whiskey.
I'll be over.
Get in.
You will tell them the truth.
Satellite feed.
For supplies you drive.
Perfect timing.
Everyone must leave the hotel now.
Don't lie to me. What's your name.
What.
I need you to go to this address and bring my brother-in-law and his family.
Let's have dinner first.
Is every Tutsi in the neighborhood here.
What is it Paul.
What about us.
But who is left.
What are you saying Tatsi.
Why.
What does it matter.
Please please try one more time.
A little longer Paul.
Beg your pardon sir you are Hutu. You are safe there.
How much beer.
What is this about no water.
No I don't want you going on the street.
Please papa I have a secret path.
We'd've been splitsville years ago with me the richest single woman in recorded history but Steven doesn't believe in divorce.
It's complicated. But don't worry 
Jesus H. Christ.
You're totally full of shit aren't you.
Hail Mary full of grace the house is growing.
What are you looking for.
This is the best we're gonna do.
Where did it go.
Don't touch me.
I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's ever said those words to anything with genitalia.
Then who are they.
 just not always in the sexual sense.
So how's a girl to know if these things are loaded baby.
Jesus.
 whatareyougoingto 
Must be those plates interfering with the signal somehow.
 listen to me goddamnit 
 it wasn't me.
I was just sitting here it happened. I had nothing to do with it.
Uh excuse me. Don't think I'm not having the time of my life watching this train wreck that's your marriage but this isn't what I had in mind I want to know that we can get out of here if we need to.
Please.anyone.help me.
 I'm coming 
By freeing them.
I don't understand.
Oh my God what happened to you. My baby -
Don't be afraid.
Will maybe we should have separate bedrooms for a while.
Oh come on.
Maura.
You're bleeding.
Did you have dinner father. We have plenty.
We'll never know for sure.
I said nothing before for fear you wouldn't believe me. I've been here before to cast evil from this house. The amulet is a guard against evil blessed in countless rituals.  It is an ancient ceremony of the early Catholic church a ceremony whose secrets are all but lost.
Keep talking.
It was nailed to the cellar wall.
There's something in there.
Right. Like last night's doozie.
Hello.
Wha . .
Oh right. Did he used to .
Wait a minute. He was already wounded when you found him.
Every day.
Would you know this store again.
What What .
On the contrary. It has everything to do with the world. And our dreams of how it will succumb to us. You enjoyed the girl.
Joey.
I know. I know. It's bad. I'm a bad person. But I try not to be Terri. I really do. And I really miss you.
Not quite. This wasn't here.
No. But as you can see I'm having some work done on it. You found a real treasure for me Terri. I hope I can show you how grateful I am.
Yeah a girl I know helped smarten it up. Put her heart and soul into it.
You're saying you want us to beat them to the crystal and save the world from financial disarray.
Something like that.
Well forget about it. Hawk and I are going to Rio. We're hurt we're tired and a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich. Right buddy.
That was beautiful.
Delivery Entrance. Low Security.
Alex.
Whoa you better cut a bigger hole than that.
He can't write his name or read a book. To fool people is his only thought.
The song's over. Come on. You could be swinging on a star.
Rio Alex. After all they've done toHey these tickets are for Moscow.
We're going in from the ground floor.
Get 'em. They went down the hallway.
Let's just forget it I mean
Lucky for us the Da Vinci is located in a wing of the Kremlin that they used to throw the Miss Ukraine pageant and stuff. It'll have the least number of guards.
This is the room above the Art Treasures room. The lock is a Natalya Z-Z first created
What the hell.
No your Eminence. I think he's going to steal the Codex as early as next week.
Hit me with your best shot.
A little petting is not the issue.
What have you been doing.
Hey now outside of a very friendly dog this morning it's been a slow decade. I don't make love every ten years I get a little cranky.
Catholic girls are scary
For two years I've been tracking the Mayflowers' peculiar interest in three Da Vinci pieces. Their Sforza replica was as fake as the gas leak that supposedly destroyed it.
Hudson don't you understand
I told you not to call me Hudson. The only people who called me that were the nuns at
Cat got his tongue.
We want Da Vinci's sketchbook what do they call it the Codex.
So Captain Hawk in one of your paws you got a gold bar worth about 8 thou. In the autre you got lead that won't get you gelato.
Alchemy. Is the business term of the 90's my man. Minerva read about it in an airline magazine about four years ago. I dumped some lira into research Shazam we come across a diary by one of Da Vinci's apprentices detailing La Machine de Oro the gold machine for those at home and the rest is about to become history. Money isn't everything gold is. Fuck blue chip stocks. Fuck T-bills. Fuck Junk Bonds. I got the real deal. Money will always be paper but gold will always be gold.
I'll torture you so slowly you'll think it's a career. I'll kill your family your friends and the bitch you took to the Prom.
Guess I know who wears the penis in this family.
Get away from there convict.
You killed a friend. Why should I help you go for the gold.
Good news bud the Mayflowers have moved up the time-table. You're hitting the Vatican to-night.
I'm supposed to fall for that.
We blow up space shuttles for breakfast. You and your friend Alex would be a late afternoon Triscuit.
Can't you see the Mayflowers double-crossed you
With a little jazz.
I don't tell no one nothin' lessen they ask. Thatches ain't ole Moses' way.
It's hardly the same 
Ol' satchel-butt
 these were the values that were instilled in me while I was growing up in a little town you've probably never heard of 
Well I just don't know how to thank you Mr. Barnes 
Is that all Mr. Barnes.
Well you know me Amy at least better than that that dame does. Do you think I'm an imbecile.
Well I 
Confused.
Smitty.
I believe in you Norville At least I believe in your intentions 
You know on farm route 17.
You don't say.
The people look like ants.
Oh. Hello Amy was it I thought she said Mamie 
You're fools both of you. It's obvious they're out to crucify Norville. They're trying to destroy him.
Just got hired today.
Terrific.
 I can't have every deadbeat on the Hudsucker payroll pestering me with their idiotic brainwaves.
Absolutely Buzz I'm glad he 
But he told me you stole that swell hoop idea from me. What gives.
Yes sir
Yeah yeah it's the standard resignation boilerplate go down to the second paragraph.
Well I made the dean's list.
Up on your feet. We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries.
I do remember and I was impressed. Anyway that's all forgotten now. Driver.
Hello Niagara.
Where.
That's nonsense Alma.
No. She was mindless but not like Miss Jessica. But the Houngan cured her.
Times gone Fort Holland was a fortnow no longer. The Holland's are a most old family miss. They brought the colored people to the island the colored folks and Ti-Misery.
I think you need some help.
Believe me Mrs. Rand he doesn't do this often. This is the first time I've seen him 
I've no influence with Mr. Holland.
Some of this native nonsense. The Houngan has his prescription and Dr. Maxwell and I have ours.
You've never said anything about voodoo before Mrs. Rand.
Haven't I. I suppose I take it for granted. It's just part of everyday life here.
Mrs. Rand.
 and when my husband died I felt helpless. They disobeyed me things went from bad to worse. All my husband's dreams of good health good sanitation good morals for these sweet and gentle people seemed to die with him. Then almost accidentally I discovered the secret of how to deal with them. There was a girl with a baby again and again I begged her to boil the drinking water. She never would. Then I told her the god Shango would be pleased and kill the evil spirits in the water if she boiled it. She boiled the water from then on.
I've never heard of a cure.
Miss Connell's testimony will be very important.
Yes the redoubtable Paul. He has the plantation and I as you must have noticed have all the charm.
Bring me another Ti-Joseph. I have to keep the lady entertained.
I wish I hadn't heard 
Betsy can I talk to you a minute.
Can't I take it for you.
That's hard to believe after what happened last night.
Surely nurses aren't afraid of the dark.
I've no sympathy with people who can't resist temptation.
You don't seem very disturbed by it. I've always thought Voodoo was something to be scared of: the drums sounded in the hills and everybody was frightened.
Why did you come in here.
The night you came to me in this room to comfort me to help me I turned you away.
I want you to be safe Betsy. I want to know you're away from this place home again where nothing can harm you nothing and no one.
I think I do. I've often talked a little voodoo to get medicine down a patient's throat.
But I assure you Father Walters Miss Connell had no idea of the consequences when she went there.
Investigation of what.
Why.
That isn't true. You never understood her.
Overpriced bomb cost over $6 million no stars and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway. I'm advising the company recommend reducing positions there. It's disaster films that are gonna stay at the top.
Well it's the funniest thing. I've been talking to some investors a little outside venture you understand between you and me about a scheme to manufacture a new Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut like pieces that can really keep an item free from trauma during shipping. Miraculous. Anyway it turns out the genius behind the whole project is your neighbor Jim Williams. How about that.
Well hey isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer Jim Williams eh.
Don't be so modest Ben. It's a job that requires a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trends. You were the first to predict that Billy Jack would be a hit 
You know Elena I've been thinking
What.
In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well I really let him have it.  and Wendy came home peacefully Hey should I dress for the Halford's now or - give me your -
Oh right. The mustache coffee cup. The one that was sitting on the dash.
This just isn't the best moment for this.
You have some marker that's what I think if you want to know the truth. You have some marker and you're going to put it on the house keys so that Janey can find them and then when I get back to the house I'll find the two of you in there and Wendy'll be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he'll hear you and I'll catch you that's what I think. She'll be swearing and banging against the wall and I'll catch 
Hey guy. Things ok up there. You all right.
See you.
It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks and George Clair has obviously in the mere two years since he joined the firm he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department 
You should probably get dressed. The boys will be home soon.
After the Thanksgiving I had I need it. You having one.
Birth control.
What are you talking about.
 while children in Africa and Asia are napalmed and 
I was actually trying to see about getting a little advice you know 
 Waiter. Where's my cobb salad. You want advice Ben. If your big brother were still alive I'd have him go out into the back yard and beat some sense into your head. Look kid you married that woman against my advice 
And to think they met at a key party of all things.
Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward OK. If you don't 
That's fine. I wouldn't expect you to see it any other way.
Nobody.
I know. They're rich drug addicts and celebrities. When I saw James Taylor there and 
Social work.
I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about. Take care.
Everything's gonna freeze the big freeze.
Sorry honey. Hell we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed.
You notice anything with Mikey lately. The kid seemed a little out of it tonight eh.
You going to tell dad.
Right. Cool. So how about we take a bath together.
Yeah well you've been in love with like every other girl here I was wondering when you'd get around to Libbets.
Did you tell Sandy.
You're parents at that party.
You get in trouble.
Hello Charles.
Charles what time is it.
The ones you built.
Are you his girlfriend.
We we have to go to the guest room. We can't stay in here. What if Mikey. My parents.
Want a drink.
One more shot.
Yes sir.
Just after Leland Street.
She your only sibling.
It's okay. Happened a long time ago. He was killed in a fire. In New Mexico.
How much closer would you say you were.
No. But I covered it up. I lied.
Oh you know. Don't feel that much. Bullet went right through.
No.
What time was that.
That's right.
Mrs. Connell found this copy in the house. It's signed. Personally.
So.
How do you mean.
Looks like the natives are restless.
One of your cases.
Stuff.
How should I know.
I was her best friend.
No
She used some stupid code name.
Yes.
I told you that was an accident.
This an accident Walter.
You're not following procedure.
Monstrous.
We had feared we were the only ones
Then there is nothing.
Did you kill this vampire who made you both. Is that why you won't say his name. Santiago thinks you did.
You said there were none.
I can't save her.
You held sway over them. They feared you. You wanted it to happen.
More.
You see the old woman. That will never happen to you. You'll never grow old. You will never die.
I lothe them. I can't stand the sight of them. Stupid bourgeois Parisians all dressed in black like some private club. I've searched for them the world over and I despise them.
How do we seem to you. Do you think us beautiful magical our white skin our fierce eyes. Drink you ask me. Have you any idea of the thing you will become.
Don't make me Claudia. I cannot do it.
She is dying. It happened to you too but your child's mind can't remember.
But if she dies
You have to ask me for this. You have to want it do you hear me.
I can't go through with it I tell you.
But why do you want me.
Yes. Kill me. Kill me like you promised -
It can't be
You'll get used to killing. Just forget about that mortal coil. You'll become accustomed to things all too quickly.
Read her thoughts.
Tell me about him. You must have lernt something from him. It had to happen for you as it did for me.
Come the New Orleans then. There's an opera on tonight. A real french opera. We can dine in splendour.
What no flowery speeches. About what a monster I am. What a vulgar fiend.
Unless I make her one of us
Do what it is in your nature to do. And you will feel as you felt with that child in your arms.
You remember how you wanted her the taste of her -
I'm so glad you're here Louis I've dreamed of your coming
It's only a siren
You remember how I was Louis. the vampire Lestat
You promise to care for her then.
Yes
What do you think she is Madeleine. A doll.
You'll go away with you're college friends but you won't go away with me.
That was heart attack time Karla.
I think I just really hurt Ray's feelings.
You gotta sell his butt on the Bahamas.
Work hard huh. He's breaking your heart just because he can. And I don't want to have to say I told you so
Cancer in a box.
Hey. I'm really glad you called I'm sorry.
This was not my idea.
Sure. It's fine. As long as you don't snore.
There was a body. I swear it.
I trusted you.
Oh look. Another day in paradise with Julie-your-tour-directorMiss Psychotic Episode.
You think that's a good place to hide.
We didn't get all dressed up for nothing.
Where is everybody.
Where'd Estes go.
Drunk again.
I'll go up and take a look at the General —- perhaps sit with him.
That's impossible. I told them Jacks died of a sudden heart attack probably brought on by over drinking.
You're not leaving tomorrow
My father I'm alone Oliver completely alone.
You should sleep Cathy. Lie down and close your eyes. Try to forget everything.
Suppose she isn't dead. Suppose it was a cataleptic attack.
What would I be thinking.
What if he is.
You're planing something Cathy. But I won't let you —- I'll warn them against you.
When I tell him that you're unfit to live a normal life with normal people —- a cataleptic.
He sleeps quietly. He died with a wine glass in his hand he died laughing a brave man Drossos like his father before him.
Theodosia.
Until we know what choice is there. We have to stay.
You are my friend.
If I told you —— you wouldn't believe me but this much I can tell you —— the girl is dangerous to you. Take a friend's advice an old man' s advice leave her alone -—
Listen to what I say 
I'm not crying Mr. Potter.
Well you're begging and that's a whole lot worse.
All right put up your hands. No fast moves. Come on out here both of you.
You what. To save me.
Oh that's right I keep forgetting. Comes in pretty handy down here bub.
You have no car.
Well then why am I seeing all these strange things.
Clarence . . .
Yes George.
I . . .
Sit down. What are . . .
It's a good face. I like it. I like George Bailey. Tell me did he ever tell anyone about the pills.
Did he ever marry the girl. Did he ever go exploring.
two of them as they were about to crash into a transport full of soldiers.
Yes Clarence. A man down on earth needs our help.
Splendid. Is he sick.
I know. I know.
Aw now doggone it Ernie don't you start pulling that stuff. You know where I live. Three-twenty Sycamore. Now hurry up.
Hello Joseph trouble.
Oh Mother Mother please help me. Something terrible's happened to me. I don't know what it is. Something's happened to everybody. Please let me come in. Keep me here until I get over it.
Hi Daddy.
I know –– I know but you just go to sleep and then you can dream about it and it'll be a whole garden.
Hee-haw.
Oh –– Welch. That's what I get for praying.
Well how do you know. Did she discuss it with you.
No.
Yes sir. They have the diphtheria there haven't they sir.
You want a martini.
Oh I had another tussle with Potter today.
Oh . . .
I thought when we put him on the Board of Directors he'd ease up on us a little bit.
Well no younger than I was.
What do you mean and be bored to death.
Good afternoon Mr. Bailey.
Where are you going.
All right. All right. Now we'll go over every step you took since you left the house.
Oh yes George Bailey. Whose ship has just come in –– providing he has brains enough to climb aboard.
With coconuts.
Me.
Oh no George don't. It's full of romance that old place. I'd like to live in it.
What'd you wish George.
Didn't you tell her.
The doctor. Was the doctor here.
You have no idea what's happened to me.
What plates.
Come on you guys.
It's okay it's okay.
Good morning.
If I had a $100000 boat I sure as hell wouldn't leave it anchored alone in the channel.
The drugstore's closed. What the hell time is it.
How long ago.
Untie that rope.
No place special. Just hanging out.
Jesus don't freeze on me. What about the others.
Y'know Brody for the first time in years it's worth putting money into this town.
Come on let's check the bite radius.
We don't know that do we.
Okay so that's it.
Can you take a little time out from your busy schedule to dance with the old man.
Let's get the kid home.
Mrs. Silvera.
Why don't you take a half day and clean this junk up.
Found one of the missing victims from that boat deal.
All summer.
Hi. I closed a sale today without Len. That's $1200 commission if the papers go through.
Stop that. We're not going any place. You love it here. Tell me what the hell happened.
Showed them the photo showed them the goddamn Shark big as life. They didn't see it. Not like me. Not like the poor son-of-a-bitch who snapped this li'l pictureHe's out there somewhere I shot off my gun shot off my big mouth so they fired me.
We're alone.
Martin when we build up our tax base a little you can have every- thing you want; right now the town's broke.
That's it.
Harbor Air do you read. Over.
That's what I'd like to know. Lost transmission at Cable Junction.
Did he raise the Kids.
It killed her. It ate her.
Get a dance yet.
What about sailing.
Wait a minute. Promise me something.
About damn time.
I'd like to go out to the light- house with you.
It'll be fun come on.
No.
If we beat them they can both go home stag. Single-O. Alone. Jackie can come back in this boat.
I want Fruit Loops.
Go on Doctor.
Honey I gotta go.
How come.
Where's the rubber band.
Look Michael you don't have to come.
It's romantic down here.
What's wrong.
Swim where. Out there. Oh no forget it not me. You go I'm staying.
I can use a shot of what he's got.
You want me to stay.
They're not going to hurt you. They're encased in plastic.
Calvin wants me to move the White for tomorrow.
I did. He wants it on exhibit.
I can't take water Kathryn.
Put it under your pillow and sleep on it and the tooth fairy will 
I am. You're not.
Go where.
I can have them walk backwards.
I've handled sharks before. Bigger than this one.
I will.
Philip.
Get ready to go.
No one's ever done it before. It was a good try
Are you really.
You were great out there.
What're you doing later.
Did you see that.
Bring the crane over. Come down. Easy down.
Calvin said it was all right.
Yeah well I didn't.
Thanks. Bullshot.
What kind of trouble.
I know. But we show it's not closing.
Let us know as soon as you have anything.
Got a job for me.
How'd you do in school.
He taught us good though didn't he Sean. We were lucky to grow up the way we did.
Come on let's go.
We're in love.
I bought him his first legal drink. He got so pissed that night.
Big unveiling ceremony in a couple of weeks.
It doesn't take much to remember what day they come.
No.
I have work.
Whatever happens next.
Ask the big doctor about his work. Tough life you Bahamian beach bum Playing in the water all day.
Your father was six then. Just like you.
Come on Mom you can't be serious.
I want you to give up your work.
You could teachYou could.
I'm not going to bother you anymore about your work.
No more sharks. I'll stay for another week then.
Promise me.
First time for everything is the best. After that you know too much and it's never quite the same.
I don't know why I've told you all this. I hardly know you.
Boss' day offTake the wheel.
I don't know how.
Where do I pull off.
One time I was flying supplies up the Amazon. Went down in the jungle.
Sharks come and go Ellen. People don't have anything to do with it.
The kind with an umbrella in it.
I could take some time off.
I'll nick the boss' plane again.
Won't you get in trouble.
They had them on the big one.
I hope she's a good sailor.
You're going after her in that. You're crazyIt'll take all day in that bathtub.
Maybe the plane gave it indigestion.
Can't this thing go any faster.
Matt.
She's had a lot to deal withShe needs time.
I'll get her. Have a good Christmas Matt.
Stop busting my hump.
You tagging them.
The females have eggs.
Hey.
Stop busting my hump.
We don't write up anything until we're done.
Bring her to starboard.
Hoagie.
You fall off a horse you get right back on or you don't ride again.
You getting a reading on them.
I live to hear the soundYou all right.
NothingHey MichaelYou know I was thinking about yesterday. Maybe all that was wrong was he was hungry.
Maybe he only likes white meat.
It'll work.
Your equipment has crapped out again.
We need it to eat electronics man Not you. Get it on me.
That bad huh.
Gone to Ben Masters' place. Cow tipping.
Yes I'm gonna ride on the Shoot-the-Chutes. An' you know in the Dark Mill. Ever been in the Dark Mill.
I'm afraid it's the van again.
How about any guys on your staff.
What does that mean.
Let me just keep going a while. She might remember something.
How come the F.B.I. don't put anya this together. They work- ed over Jennifer for months.
Alright she wasn't lying about the van. But it could have been <u>any</u> van. Any little foreign diesel. . She's <u>blind</u> Bro . It's sad . She's pro- bably lonely and you're a nice guy to have around . But you're getting far too far into the element Brother .
That's a very stupid question Ross.
You got a quiet phone somewhere.
Now.
I got four points of posit- ive comparison on the cut .
What do you want me to do Chief.
I'll sign anything you want. <u>Please</u>. Bring here her . <u>I want Helena here</u> .
You ain't talking to no one till you calm down.
Don't lie Taylor. I just had this Blattis guy on the phone asking me for a comment - you gave him the whole damned case.
Bullshit.
I've told you the truth. It isn't me . I've never call- ed Ross Freddy in my life .
Yes Sir.
As she's a member of my staff may I ask what this is about.
Well I think I told you on the phone . I went up to her room to say good-bye and we just sat on the bed and chatted a while while her friend was coming in and out collecting her things .
No.
What are you reading.
I know but you pick on the one time in my life I like not to remember. I was in the bad lands. Really not well. It's something that happens to a lota cops. We don't wanna talk about that.
I have to talk to you Helena.
Has he got your aunt's address.
I think they're gonna arrest me.
I don't want them to arrest you.
What are you doing Travis.
You got a warrant for this.
A blind girl can just walk out of here and you don't know who with.
When did John divorce.
Suzanne. Very pretty. She was a semi- professional model. But a policeman's wife she wasn't. So one day she just packed it and left. And his whole life went straight down the nearest toilet.
I haven't worn heels since I was 16. I don't think I could walk in these.
How you doing on those shoes.
Friday night at City Hall. Got a great chance to frighten the fat.
She married some English prick.
He's not that bad of a guy 
Don't ever stop fucking me.
King of the Housecalls. Master of the Living Room.
No one has ever dumped me.
Just be friendly and say no comment.
I know who y6u are. You're Dorothy Boyd. You're in wait you're in Accounts. You have the middle cubicle toward the back with that poster of Albert Einstein morphed onto Shaquille 0 Neal's body.
Better now than later. We'll still be friends. I'm dying here.
Drinks. Food. Plus I called you a cab.
I'm working with you because of that memo
Well good evening.
Oh good.
I think you should not come in or come in depending on how you feel.
Oh God.
Fine I just 
If I said that would you stay.
I don't like to give up.
He just lost his best client. He called from the plane. I invited the guy over.
This guy would go home with a gardening tool right now if it showed interest. Wait. Use the frosted glasses.
No no. Don't cry at the beginning of the date.
No Roy. I'm not gonna cry.
What happened to Denver.
Not right now Jerry.
You're loving me now aren't ya.
The least you could do is nod and act sympathetic 
You are not allowed to act this way.
Anybody else would have left you by now but I'm sticking with you. I said I would. And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro you're gonna show me the money.
I understand your anxiety.
Yeah man it means love respect community and the dollars too. The package. The kwan.
Oh we gonna be friends now.
No I don't know.
No. A real man does not shoplift the pooty from a single mom.
I didn't shoplift the pooty. We were thrown together and I mean it's two mutual people who  Alright I shoplifted the pooty.
You never had The Talk did you.
Not everyone has what you have.
I'm sorry I asked.
Damn right.
Marcee 
Give me a little credit for doing this face-to-face. What I went through knowing I was going to do this to my mentor. Can you get past yourself for a second.
Because Dr. Grant isn't looking for Eric. Dr. Grant is looking for the coast.
Nothing.
Well what.
He could have died.
Going to the coast was Alan's idea. If he's alive that’s where he's headed.
Where's Dad.
Thirty-thousand I think. Closer to the top.
We'll be broke in four weeks.
How would you classify it.
Obviously a superpredator. Suchimimus. that snout.
We could co-write a paper.
Alan I want to tell you that I'm so sorry about the
You have to believe me. I did it with the best intentions.
Anything good.
Raptors mostly.
You remember the sounds they made.
Which one do you prefer.
Found this but the battery's dead.
A raptor claw. I use to have one. A fossil.
I have a theory that there's two kinds of boys. Those who want to be astronomers and those who want to be astronauts.
I want to be an astronaut.
See I was the opposite. I never understood why anyone would want to go into space. It's so dangerous. You do one thing wrong and you're dead. The astronomer or the paleontologist get to study these amazing things from a place of complete safety. And truthfully everything you really need to learn you can learn it from the ground.
I have never been on this island.
There is no Kirby Enterprises is there.
Whatever you do don't call the U.S. Embassy. They won't do a God Damn thing.
I got a call from a gentleman who's going to Costa Rica or thereabouts. If he's to be believed it's a most uh unique expedition. And very well-funded.
I didn't know you weren't well.
After the accident at the park a hurricane wiped out our facility on Site B. We had to evacuate and leave the animals to fend for themselves. And they did. For four years I've fought to keep them safe from human meddling now I want you to go there and document them.
Ian you're not insane. I'm so glad.
And let's forget about the high hide. We can't do this kind of work up in a tower we need to be out in the field as close to the animals as possible.
Why wouldn't they. Look at hyenas jackals nearly all species of predator birds 
That doesn't say a thing about T-rex they could have been rogues. Robert Burke certainly thinks they were.
I'll make it up to you this summer. I promise.
I'm your daughter all the time you know. Not just when it's convenient.
That was about a year ago.
I could come with you.
InGen. What's InGen.
What.
You version of it.
It was a payoff and an insult. InGen never
What are they.
Come on.
Where's Kelly.
All right. I'm satisfied with the evidence we have right now. I feel vindicated. John Hammond will too. Do you have enough to publish.
He doesn't need a friend he needs a shrink.
WHAT ARE YOU-
If we can't stay in the rex's territory we have to move tonight.
You're sure we have to.
Fences are failing all over the park. A few minor systems he said.
How many lines of code are there.
Mr Nedry Mr Nedry. The embryos have to be back here in San Jose by then.
Fascinating animals fascinating.
Malcolm's okay for now. I gave him a shot of morphine.
Carousel.
But you know I should really be the one going .
Why.
Good. Keep going now. The cable will terminate in a big gray box.
They smell.
Oh my god they do not. They don't smell.
The Cretaceous.
We were right.
It's all right.
It changed. Why. Okay back over your wrist. Because and here is the principle of tiny variations - - the orientations of the hairs - -
Alan listen to this.
Microscopic - - never repeat and vastly affect the outcome. That's what.
Alan.
Yes.
What are we looking for.
I doubt it.
You have no idea.
Why.
Kids get scared.
And who in God's name do you think you are.
I could compensate you by fully funding your dig
Robert. Robert Muldoon my game warden from Kenya. Bit of an alarmist I'm afraid But he's dealt with the raptors more than anyone.
Yes yes yes which is why we take extreme precautions. They viewing area below us will have eight-inch tempered glass set in reinforced steel frames to - -
Go that's the way we're going to go. What do you say.
Tim Tim Tim.
Oh I hate the other kind.
C'mon Tim move down damn it.
You'll have to get use to Dr. Malcolm. He suffers from a deplorable excess of personality especially for a mathematician.
I don't know I don't know. I'm sorry - -
What.
Jump Timmy. It's too late.
You're gonna get electrocuted electrified. The power's coming back.
Don't tell me you're still thinking of buying Casa de Psycho
Two.
Zombie Sluts From Beyond the Grave.
That's the problem with this case. Everyone thinks they know Jason's life story. But they don't. What you're remembering is a _movie_. Fiction.	In the movie Jason's mother runs around killing people after Jason drowns in Crystal Lake
I don't rationalize anything. I'm his lawyer he's my client. That's all.
If we could prove that Jason suffers from this disorder and that his homicidal behavior has been a direct result of a medical condition
See this.
I don't know but I think he's pissed.
It's only majestic from here. When you get closer you see it for what it really is.
A glorified office block. They keep all the old records there the final resting place for facts and figures that have ceased to matter in the world of the living.
 Ah but what if it <u>wasn't</u>.
The cemetery is nearer the Castle than anywhere else wasn't it part of the Castle originally.  I always assumed there'd be a gate or something. Isn't there.
An empty tomb.
Will you do me a favor then.
What an extraordinary request.
A true friend would do it.
No I left it in his office.
I've never seen him. I don't believe there is a keeper of the files.
But <u>I'm</u> the messenger. An error like this damages my credibility.
No sir.
No.
Eduard didn't see it as something that needed bearing.
And you .
I nominated you as a possible candidate. You were Eduard's good friend. He read me some of your work.
I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from.
When you only see someone sitting at a desk all day it's liable to create a false impression.
That street down there I always used to call it the approach road for suicides. It leads straight down to the bridge and the River.
Now you're saying Eduard was lured there.
First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil now it's insignificant Burgel. If indeed there was a mistake and a minor one at that you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all.
I I found your jailer.
I think you've just escaped for the moment. Just as I did. As Eduard did. As they let us do. But only for the moment.
I know better than you what people will say when they have to. When they brought me in for questioning I informed on my friends the very first day.
Your office is the Workmen's 
 Accident and Compensation Association.
No. He didn't seem to be. Do you think he drowned himself.
He wasn't a lonely man though.
You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up Gabriela is relevant. When I spoke to you before I didn't know she'd been seeing Eduard.
That's been noted. But where does it lead us. Unless you have something more to add.
 Why take me into your confidence.
 You said so yourself the firm is large and powerful. If the discrepancy really was something big Eduard's responsibility would still have to be small. No poor young <u>clerk</u> could find himself in such a fix.
Accident and Compensation no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises.
What's the matter.
Of course not. Only by a Director of the firm. Who'd want to let in all kinds of riff-raff off the streets.
We used to be in the supply section carrying boxes of medicine about but we dropped too many of them.
Hi - Carl Denham. I'm A big admirer of your work sir. I've loved all your discoveries. I really want to work closely with you on this incredible find. It'll be good for you and good for me.
We're leaving.
But we can' t Jack I need time to collect artifacts make sketches gather evidential information.
Oh Jesus you took it.
I tell you it doesn't exist.
You are most kind. We will be proud to assist you.
Tell me Mr Ginting - are there any parts of your country where people still wear native costume.
Man Eater
Yeah I saw her she was carried into the jungle by an animal.
Jack You get to save the girl and I get my third act. It's gonna be good for you and good for me.
What about him. Yes.
Look could I use your phone.
So do I.
I guess he figured it was better.
What was better. I made better bait.
You have no idea what I'm talking about.
I'm not going to hurt you absolutely I'm not.
Who.
Will you let me ask you some questions.
What. What do you remember about that dumper.
Gee I hope this doesn't make my cold any worse.
Tell me about Frank Ligourin.
About the dumper didn't he tell you that.
Is there anything more I could 
Hey but did we get to you Klute. A little.
Arlyn had a very big habit - heroin - she's the one who started Frank. She's strung out now; you won't find her.
What's the matter.
What the hell do you think's the matter. I could wait for you someplace.
How can you do it to yourself.
You're right I don't understand. Explain it to me. You were scared. Arlyn Page that scared you. Well it should; that's death. So what did you do you ran straight for it death. Ligourin kills women.
Please.
I saw Mr. Faber. You remember Mr. Faber don't you.
Bree what's actually happened. It wasn't that bad.
How do you know how bad it was.
Please. I said I don't want you to do this.
Look at me. I'm pretty and sort of clever and very well intentioned and dear God I'd tear your heart out.
I better keep looking.
Well there's a couple 
I'm sorry. I don't understand.
I can't follow you.
Will the Company put up five hundred dollars to get Jane McKenna's list of clients.
It's a beautiful day in Tuscarora - I don't envy you that humidity in the city.
OK and one of them Jane McKenna she blows a little jealous of Bree - you know. Bree comes first. And evidently she knew the freak - that he was a dumper she conned me into passing him to Bree you know so Bree'd get hurt. I didn't know. Till afterwards.
No. She had every good intention of it coming to me as a private patient getting out of the life devoting herself to an acting career.
I think she's trying that.
No.
He's right you know. Waiting for the pusher she'd tell you anything.
I knew Tom never wrote that letter.
Klute knew Tom. He has a great many ideas about the case 
What about your mommy.
In real life when does he hit you.
I'll tell you what kiddowhy don't I fix us some French toast.
OkaySame as usual
Billy don't eat with your fingers.
That's not the right soap. We use the kind in the green and yellow box.
You get a new fence.
Je-sus Christ. I catch all kind of shit at the office because I'm not pulling my weight because I'm busting my butt trying to be a decent goddamn father and
That's terrific. That's really terrific but I notice I'm the one that's cleaning up this Oh crap I'll have to do this one over.
Look I'm sorry I yelled okay.
Then eat around it.
No.
Is mom ever coming back.
OhhhOhhhhOhhhhh
Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs bite
Objection. You're leading the witness.
It's my name too.
Is that really your chair.
Uh huh.
I don't understand daddy.
What don't you understand pal.
I see. Well you'll have to do better than that. Do you have any affidavits to support negligence.
Six years.
And did you have a close personal relationship.
Ted was a good worker. But ah after his wife left him and he was taking care of the kid on his own things started to change. Look I know he had problems I understand that. I've got problems everybody's got problems. But I've got a shop to run I can't let that kind of thing get in the way I guess I felt that Ted was letting his duties at home interfere with his responsibilities in the office.
Ummm hmmm umm hmmm Well this looks very good. Of course  you understand this is the worst time of the year to look for a job.
Either you call and set up the appointment or I'll call. And if I call you lose the commission.
I don't recall.
Is thatpermanent.
II don't know
Now listen before you do something you'll really regret you'd better stop and think
You just don't get it do you. I - am - really - and - truly - leaving - you.
Hello Ted. You look well.
Goddamnit Joanna. What the
Only can I still see him.
Hey what's the rush. C'mon walk me a couple of blocks.
I'm going to be okay. The way I see it Joanna'll come home it's just a matter of time.
Hiya Phyllis. These are the Revlon contracts. I thought you ought to check them out.
Kramer I've got to go. I've got an eight o'clock closing tomorrow down on Centre Street.
How should I know.
Oh for God's sake Kramer. You have got to be the world's most naive human being. Murray has gone in and changed every single ad you've done on the entire Fire and Ice campaign. Every layoutEvery ideaEvery single thing right down the line.
So naturally you assume that since Joanna left that would be a compelling point against her right.
No.
Two. She is getting to be a real hermit or recluse or whatever it is you call it. Thelma do you know where I could be in this business if I had a wife that entertained or went out socially
Boy you guys are really something y'know. I'd like to know one thing okayjust one little thing. Did you tell Joanna she should leave me.
Thelma I've lost my wife I'm not losing my child.
Uh huhYeah
Sure.
Hey that's terrific.
Ted what are you talking about.
And that day your father got better. He named you Lhamo. The Protector.
I do now.
Soon.
With much bloodshed.
Yes.
Yes.
General Chiang Chin-wu the Chinese representative is en route to Dromo. He is coming to meet you.
May I listen to the news with you Holiness.
America we shall see.
We are traveling to Lhasa. May we.
I have great hopes for the future of our co-operation.
But you will always be here.
Me.
Do you think I must.
This little brother was terribly sweet. When he died my mother was so sad. A lama said to her before the little brother was laid out for burial take a bit of butter and rub a spot on his skin. He will come back to you you will see. So my mother did this and a few years later a new boy was born.
I'm on a big mountain and hitting at the bad men.
And after the game we're going to trade. You just stay over there no there. Norbu and I will shoot at you. I want your land. I take it. I am stronger.
We have enemies.
Yes.
I will miss you.
They think they have convinced me. They think I am on their side. They have allowed me to leave Kumbum and come to Lhasa believing that I will try to turn you to their ways. If I do not succeed I am to eliminate you.
Do you remember the day I came to your monastery when I was a baby. And you comforted me.
This is not a fight to put bread just in one's own mouth. This is a fight for Tibet.
It is possible Holiness.
Like my mother.
Mrs. Bickerman the reason we're up here a man was fatally attacked yesterday by some animal in this lake. Do you know how your husband died.
You can't take a cow by eminent domain.
My department doesn't have any record of that Mrs. Bickerman.
'Cause this is the cove he obviously lives in.
They've been migrating north Kelly this lake connects to the ocean
Asia. How how could he get here.
I can arrest you.
You take care.
You think I'm <u>that</u> nuts.
You're gonna be okay.
Yeah. Thanks to you.
Well. You don't have to <u>stay</u> out <u>here</u> why don't
Oh my God.
If this is who I <u>think</u> it is. It <u>is</u>.
What are you doing.
You flew up here because your boss
Okay. We're up at six.
<u>Are</u> you okay.
Father's a surgeon. I can even stitch in a pinch wouldn't be a bad idea here.
Well. Goodnight.
Ssssh.
<u>No</u>. I keep getting hit with heads.
Yeah I thought about that as I was driving and I haven't found somebody in my world. You found anyone in yours.
Even if we <u>could</u> tranq him how would we get him on land.
Nobody lives within twenty-five miles 'cept some old couple who live right on the lake. Teenagers trek in every once in a while none have disappeared and none have spotted anything unusual.
I got nothing against
Hey.
Hank.
Are you on drugs.
Wild guess.
Liar.
Shitbutt.
What girl.
'Cause she didn't drift. He weighted her down.
Jack's pretty tough on you isn't he. Impatient
You're all right. Where is he.
Mr. Yow if this door should fall down -ha ha. - or anything else - would you be kind enough to call this number. It's our Baltimore field office. They know you're here with me Do you understand.
Are they close to catching somebody do you think.
I've read your interim memo on Lecter. You sure you've left nothing out.
Right down to the kleenex I used. Sir why. Is something wrong.
I'm here sir I just - I don't know how to feel about it.
Blue square for Belvedere Ohio where the Bimmel girl was abducted. Blue triangle where her body was found - down here in Missouri. Same marks for the other four girls in different colors. This new one today washed up here. Elk River in West Virginia about six miles below U.S. 79. Real boonies.
What he does with them - takes privacy Time tools He's in his 30's or 40's - he's got real physical strength but combined with an older man's self-control. He's cautious precise never impulsive This won't end in suicide like they often do.
You seem pretty sure of that.
But for Catherine Martin it all comes down to you and Lecter. You're the one he talks to.
All his victims are women His obsession is women he lives to hunt women. But not one women is hunting him - except me. I can walk in a woman's room and know three times as much about her as a man would. I have to go to Belvedere.
With ID and a gun. Impersonating a federal agent is a felony.
That's why they're all so big - because he needs a lot of skin. He keeps them alive to starve them awhile - to loosen their skin so that -
That expires in one week. You're not real FBI are you.
Dr. Lecter if you'd please consider -
I've been in this room for eight years Clarice. I know they will never ever let me out while I'm alive. What I want is a view. I want a window where I can see a tree or even water. I want to be in a federal institution away from Chilton - and I want a view. I'll give good value for it. Crawford could do that for me but he won't. You persuade him.
Mmm. And what else.
No. Tell me why.
Billy's not a real transsexual but he thinks he is. He tries to be. He's tried to be a lot of things I expect.
How very thoughtful Or did Crawford send you here for one last wheedle - before you're both booted off the case.
No he covets. That's his nature. And how do we begin to covet Clarice. Do we seek out things to covet. Make an effort to answer.
Later listen I'll -
Tell me his name Dr. Lecter.
Senator Martin. You can't trust Jack Crawford or Clarice Starling. It's such a game with these people. They're determined to get the arrest for themselves. The collar I think they say.
My God you've grown up.
I do not remember them. I was one or two.
Because what I am interested in is right here
No. I will find you.
What is it.
Some say that's the way of it.
Your wounded should try walkin' back to Albany. They'll never make a passage north.
How far is it scout.
No. Headin' west. To Can-tuck-ee.
I said France is your enemy. Not ours.
A French & Indian army out of Fort Carillon's heading south to war against the English. I'm here to raise this county's militia to aid the British defense.
Got a reason to stay.
Sir. Might I inquire if General Webb has heard from Colonel Munro's daughters. I was to rendezvous with them in Albany and escort them to the fort.
The Scotsman's daughters are at the Poltroon's house. A company of the 33rd will accompany you and Magua will show you the way.
Does Yengeese Major have property across salt sea.
For Munro children.
Yes.
How much gold has the master of the Yengeese.
This interview's over. The militia stays.
C'est bien vous vous promenez bien matin monsieur.
Are you planning on working tomorrow.
These observers were doing something. A testI think they sank that ship on purpose to cover up their mistakes.
Dead. This morning you said he had some skin disorder.
Be careful with it.
How do you know it was Williams.
Todaywith DeJesus. That was smart thinking to get him inside
Why. You going to give me hard time like the others.
YeahI think they're just deciding what to do with us.
Something wrong Cobb.
Twenty minutes
Okay.
You take your money too seriously Bo.
Hey Bowhen're you going to be off that thing. I want to find out tonight's NBA scores and check the weather.
Who elseSixpack.
Cute DeJesusSpecimen cups.
What the.
Bullshit.
At least we get time and a half. That's in the contract.
I say we should go get in the escape bubbles and get the hell out of here.
Hey Jonesy who's the best power forward in the NBAJameson.
Sixpack
What is it.
The shack
Are you okay Jonesy.
My pocket. Check my pocket will ya honey.
What's wrong did you miss me.
I'll kill him.
A month. So my friend what fucking good is that if we need it in six no five days.
I don't know how you've reached that conclusion.
There were two old guns there; where are they.
Inside out-fuckin'-side. I don't give a shit you get those guns because if you don't . . .
Yeah Bazza what.
I have got something for ya. Well for your boy actually.
They were going to pay then.
I'll have it for Mr Harry in a few days. I have been busy and I am nearly there.
Son have a look in his locker.
Son.
It's not him Dad.
Sure is.
What is the point in that. Even if it was a bug they would have taken it with 'em.
Well enough. I have been buying gear off one of them for a couple of years.
Don't you stags move or I'll kill the lot of ya.
There is only three of us here.
Out the back.
What do you mean.
I dunno but they look nice. I rather like ' em.
I'11 meet you in the car.
The only item that connects us with the crime is sitting in your car which is sitting outside.
That is quite a raise one hundred and fifty on my hundred.
That's if I want to see you.
For half a million.
Hello can I help you.
Sorry got to do business like this now; can't be too careful these days.
Doesn't sound very good to me.
Jesus if I pick them up will they stay in one piece. Where did you get them from.
I got contacts. Listen Tom if you pointed them at me I'd shit myself or do whatever you said to do. Either way you still get the desired effect.
They look nice I agree but lacking in criminal credibility aren't they. I might get laughed at. How much do you want for these muskets.
Of course you will look mean Tom you will look really scary.
You got a ticket already and if you don't move it now sir we will move it for you.
Cupid stupid. That's the last time I am getting any more fruit off you Tom. Call that fresh. There was more small hairy armoured things in your fruit than there was fruit. You should open a butcher's not a grocer's.
You would take a pain ín the arse full stop.
Er fertilizer.
Just 'cause I'm not like Little Miss Honor Roll here
Oh come onyou and Grandma think anybody who works with their hands is a peasant. When Dad
Work hard be good at your job. Sir. Do whatever they tell you.
Outside it'sit's such a messit's
Why do you think they let us in on the deal.
They got people to fight. Arabs yellow people whatever. Might as well use us.
No sir. Not at all.
Any serious problems with your sergeant or your fellow soldiers.
And you and Private Graves
I hear they're closing that post down.
If it was some poor mojado swam across at night got lost in the scrub and starved out there we wouldn't go any further. But this is a formerly prominent citizen.
If it's too late
PDA.
These are our people. There were Paynes in Florida Oklahoma Piedras Negrascouple of 'em won the whatsit Congressional Medal Of Honor
Otis Payne was never embarrassed about a thing in his life.
Big O was always there with a smile or a loan or a free drink.
Dad I talked to the track coach
Are we going to ever see your father.
Yeah. He lives here right.
Recycling right. We invented that. The government doesn't have to tell people to do it.
So where does that put us.
Seriously.
They stopped training infantry there in the late '50s. It was just a playground for the jackrabbits till they gave it to the county last year.
Pleased to meet you.
but I gotta say I think there's something to this cold climate business. I mean you go to the beach- what do you do. Drink a few beers wait for a fish to flop up on the sand. Can't build no civilization that way. You got a hard winter coming though you got to plan ahead and that gives your cerebral cortex a workout.
I sprint the last quarter mile. You gentlemen don't have to keep up if you don't care to.
I haven't seen anybody doing that.
Protection.
I have some friends who have had a accident
Which is why we need to talk to you about the new jailjust so we're all on the same page.
I heard there was a bit of a fuss.
I haven't been out here for a while.
No.
Buddy Deeds
We're building up tourism Sam
Sam
I got Eddie Richter at the Sentinel to kill that story.
You got to be interested in somebody. All you do is work.
The Sheriff.
Nobody is illegal in my cafe. They've got green cards they've got relatives who were born hereif they only had a little common sense I'd be very happy.
You made it pretty damn clear you thought he was nobody.
People didn't complain.
Pilar is uhmis Amado okay.
That was the night he disappeared.
Yeah.
You stop growing that loco weed at your place you'd see a lot more daylight.
I thought he busted you a couple times.
That's how I ruined my stomach.
We haven't talked since high school.
Your mother still doesn't like me.
I thought you got through that pretty well.
Most people did yeah.
I was on the playground with all the other kids but I thought he was only looking at me. I was afraid he was going to arrest mehe had those eyes you know
Your boy there
Amado.
I look at my kids in schooltenth eleventh graders. That's who we were. Children.
Wow.
How come it feels the same.
How long have you lived here.
Two years.
You're out early.
You think we need a new jail.
I heard about that deal for your fatherYou must be real proud.
You think he killed anybody in Korea.
Another woman.
Otis what.
As I remember it was because he had a sassy mouth on him. Must run in the familyYou wouldn't be runnin' numbers out of this club now would you son.
Mister D'Amour.
Yeah.
Maybe they're not tricks.
Hokey enough for you.
You didn't think it was just going to be you and me. A lot of people believed in Nix. They haven't forgotten his promise.
Ever watched a man die. If you watch very closely you can sometimes see the soul escaping. And if you're very quick you can catch it.
I'm no bodyguard.
I'm sorry I got into this too late. But if you want me to stick around maybe dig where the cops don't look
Flesh is a trap. That's what he used to say. Flesh is a trap and magic sets us free. Why did you come back.
It was more than that I think.
Stuff.
Nothing.
I was twelve. Nix took me hostage to get Swann to come to him.
Quaid and Jennifer
Are you all right.
Oh God.
I'm here Harry.
Whatever I said I didn't mean it okay. I get a few drinks inside me 
You know of him.
Are you sure.
She doesn't want to see you. She's had enough pain. Enough churning over the past. She wants it all left alone.
I can't let you in.
Yeah I know.
You paid off the doctor. You set up the fake body. Yes.
Nix is dead and buried for fuck's sake.
We've got to get you to a hospital.
A Mister Quaid.
What a tragedy. It was just a matter of time of course but it's not good for the business.
He knew Swann way back. He says there were a lot of drugs a lot of crazy shit.
A lot of people are going to be really pissed off when they discover you're still alive.
Oh yeah.
No. At the end when we had him cornered he got into my head. He showed me what we really look like when the veneer's gone. Jelly. Shit
And you believed him.
He did something with the ground.
And he's dead.
I've got so much power to give you Swann. All you have to do isbeg.
You don't think I've got it to give.
Yes.
These people are paying you a lot do you think you could consider it.
So we got you on an earlier flight but I really think you should think about staying for that talk show.
How long have you been married.
Philosophy.
No how about you.
I could cut the ones that are left for you.
Charlotte who.
How'd a Japanese guy get a name like Hans.
You're possessive.
Did that help. Did you learn anything.
But it's great being with them after they can talk and can do things with you.
You are.
Mr. Harris.
Mr. Harris.
Yes.
Yeah its really different here.
Well that's good I have to get the kids off for school. Can I call you in a little while.
Hello.
Sure.
No what are you talking about.
Hair stuff.
Do you think it's done.
But I like to and I don't smoke that much.
Mmm I love Cristal let's have some.
I miss you.
Oh it's nothing I better go I'll talk to you later.
Peter where are you.
What. That's horrible.
I'm still shaking.
You're glad somebody tried to kill me.
What're these.
Yes.
And on the day of the murders his state of mind.
But your patient is legally entitled to it.
This patient has been plagued with temporal lobe seizures.
It's the patient's request doctor.
I certainly hope you're not lending any credence to this.
He will. He has great faith.
Is he going to be okay.
So all that bullshit about God and faith.
the ark sank the sun set the ark sank again.
Oh my God.
That there is no such thing as evil with a capital E.
In the end the jury saw it my way.
What do you mean.
Last night a guy named John Townsend tried to shoot me and now I find out you knew him. What the fuck is going on.
And the point is.
Maybe that's my problem.
I'd appreciate it if you'd put that back.
What's the matter with you.
You really should be a caterer or something like you used to say.
What.
The blue.
That was nice.
Wait
Quincy word has it you might make the jump the NBA.
I don't know how to walk in heels.
They ever love you back.
That tends to happen when you're the boss's daughter.
You were trying to make me look bad.
Just one word of advice for next season.
I'm gonna love winning this championship in your house.
What was the most points your Daddy ever got in Junior High.
I want to ride my own bike.
Your legs don't look broke.
Hey.
You having fun.
Why.
Clothes.
I'm not up for running into anybody. Let's just kick it here alright.
Oh Kerry this is Monica. Monica Kerry.
What the hell's going on.
We're going to get some food.
I just took the ho to Burger King alright.
Least you got your priorities straight.
I never asked you to choose.
Shouldn't you be lying down or
Funny. I never did.
Must have been my cheap-ass answering machine. It was always messing up.
Actually I don't
Yeah and Quincy good luck with your knee and everything.
Getting there.
It just isn't.
And you tore up your knee. Rehab is tough.
It's a trip you know. When you're a kid you see the life you want and it never crosses your mind that it's not gonna turn out that way.
I'll play you.
Quincy I told you about these fat-ass girls.
How was your game.
Don't sweat it okay. Sooner or later the truth'll come out.
Why not.
You know how much higher the play level is in the NBA. Give yourself time to develop Quincy. Get an education. The NBA ain't going nowhere.
What.
I want this thing to go to court but my lawyer's telling me to settle.
Look I ain't saying it was right but sometimes things happen.
Came by to check on you.
I can't believe you're gonna do this to me the situation I'm in I don't Avi: You know what. Being hit by lighting doesn't matter for getting braces ok. Now Solomon let me just ask you once: Please. Please. Don't do this.
How are you paying tor the braces Donnie.
I'm fuckin' hammered Burt.
You ok.
Hello.
It was scary though.
What do you want. Why are you here.
Don't sit down.
Please. It doesn't have to be now. Maybe we can make a date to sit down I didn't mean to walk in on you like this 
I don't want you to think that I'm that way to you I'm not gonna call you a slut or something 
uhuhWhat is it.
Yes.
Ok. For one thing we're gonna need to turn that music down so we can talk ok.
ok.
Yeah.
- yeah yeah I get in it in my ear. It's TMJ is what it's called technically.
Yes. I will. It was nice to meet you Officer Jim.
Eight o'clock.
Great bye.
It's fine.
That was so great what you just said.
please what is it please 
 you the resident here.
No what's wrong.
Hello. You're back again huh.
yeah yes hi hello.
 can I get you.
Where's the news department at this studio.
Sure why.
I'm wondering about the weather department. I'm wonderin' wether or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical services or if they have in-house instruments.
I - just - thought - that - I - didn't want - I - didn't - I - didn't -
Why the hell aren't you in school.
I ain't fuckin with you 
What happend.
Phil hang in just one more minute ok. I'm gonna put you on hold Doc you still there.
Mmm.Hmm.
I lent my name my celebrity. Exactly 
Two years. Two years later and out of your paycheck I never charge interest 
You don't need braces.
I don't know.
I just I just I just I'm just in a fucking state I know he's going and it's like I don't know how just tell me <u>practical</u> things What the fuck do I do with his body. What happens when he dies. That next moment: What. What do I do. Then What.
find him on theFrank. His name's Frank Mackey 
If you're up to it I've got us set up in a suite upstairs 
All it takes is one second.
Just one look one hesitation one subtle gesture for me to know And Bing-Bam-Boom I'm away on a tangent I get so fuckin' amped at these seminars and lemme tell you why: Because I Am What I Believe. I am what I teach I do as I say I live by these rules as religiously as I preach them: And you wanna know what. I'm gettin' pussy left right up down center and sideways.
Let's talk about 
This is how you wanna spend the time then go go go you're gonna be surprised at what a waste it is The most useless thing in the world is that which is behind me Chapter Three 
Well I guess it doesn't.
She's my mother.
What does she say about Seduce and Destroy.
Go Get 'Em Honey.
Not a problem.
this close
Hello. Frank. Frank TJ Mackey.
.have you ever seen this.I mean never mind you said 
It's interesting.
I don't have to answer your questions.
I didn't do anything.
Maybe you didn't but I'm here to find out about a disturbance. Some neighbors called said they heard screaming and a loud crash.
It's a free country you can think anything you want.
Did your wife find out.
If she asks me any question I want to tell her. I want to tell her everything I've done.
What happend to you.
Rose is on the phone and here's the cards for today 
I'm sorry.
How you doing.
I went to see her some fuckin' asshole answers the door in his underwear he's fifty years old there's coke and shit laid out on the table 
She went crazy. She went crazy Rose.
I don't think I want that.
Is it over 'cause you're sick.
I love you so much.
Why well I think we've we both don't knowwhat do you mean.
I think that you know.
Stay here please don't leave me please please if I said I knew would you stay.
I'm Bob.
No I'm just a friend. What are you doing here I meanyou know Claudia.
Can I come in.
Do you still have to do homework.
We're not going out two days before we set the record it's not gonna happen.
I can't.
What does that mean.
Earl asked me Linda please Linda I'm sorry Earl asked me 
What would you like.
Cigarettes. Camel Lights.
Yeah.
Do you have that.
That's it.
Total is $15.29. Thirty minutes or less.
What do you do.
Stanley if you don't fuckin' stand up and go over there I'm gonna beat your ass 
Alright.
Cause he hates me.he hates me so much.
I'm sorry to put all this on you Stanley 
I have money.
It's frogs. It's raining frogs.
God smiled upon us.
And you were not hurt.
Anne. I know I know that to love you is treason against France. But not to love you is treason against my heart.
My Queen
I have never seen a sight more beautiful than you tonight.
It it doesn't matter Mother. He is dead now. Dead.
No Louis. No.
Your birthday celebration your Majesty.
Perhaps you can find out who this secret leader of the Jesuits is. You are now a priest but you were once a Musketeer serving the throne of France a throne ordained of God. Can you accept this mission and keep it private.
How goes that favor I asked of you.
What are they doing.
Prison was horrible but it was his home. He's been torn from it by strangers. He's frightened exhausted and the mask is familiar. Let him rest in it tonight and remove it tomorrow.
You are bitter Athos. You are torn by grief not only for Raoul but for d'Artagnan whom you love and now treat as an enemy.
Hang himself.
But what if something extraordinary happened. Something so unusual that all the attention went to someone else. Someone whose confirmation of Phillippe the King would never be questioned.
D'Artagnan unready.
Phillippe has been removed to the Bastille to the lower dungeon. At midnight tonight I will order the guard changed and will delay the replacements for ten minutes. That should give you ample time. Never have I needed more to say: One for all and all for one. D'Artagnan.
You are right. But it is a trap.
Do I look all right.
I have dispatches a message to Fromberge requesting that Raoul be kept far from the fighting.
I know.
There is wrath in me. I have learned to hide it. Those years in the cell I dreamed that freedom would someday just happen the way the mask happened. Now I am free. And with each free breath I feel the growing desire to make someone suffer for all I lost. Look at this all this that for ten years I could not see. What if I become a king a king no different from my brother.
I am so sorry. Forgive me I 
Are you hungry.
The old man and woman called me Phillippe.
I I thought he was but an impostor who resembled 
Sire we have an emergency of security. I must ask you to accompany me.
Eh.
 He did but Captain d'Artagnan blocked his way.
He walked in on Fleming and took him out.
So what.
Why didn't you call for back-up. What were you thinking Jesus
But what was a hair dresser from Malibu doing 60 miles away in some dive bar.
What's this.
And who are you.
Hell he probably raped her in the lot dumped the body somewhere. That's what he was like - a real wacko.
And what did he do to the girl.
They found the getaway Mercedes a parking garage north of Venice. It checks out.
Well you figured wrong. And now I'm public enemy number one. You have an answer for that.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you Stephanie.
No -
I can't help you anymore Jimmy. I'm sorry.
No. It wasn't like that.
I need to ask you questions of a psychological nature.
That was Peterson upstairs.
It was you who did the asking.
I'll tell you the events. The psychology's none of your business. Hobbs was trying to cut his eleven- year-old daughter's throat. Graham shot him with his .38 six times. Hobbs still didn't go down. He had to wade in
That could be the tip of a 't. Here and here. And here.
No. The numbers aren't right for a jailhouse alphabet code. It's a book code. And your message has to go out in it or he'll know it's not Lecktor talking to him.
I have to.
I don't want to talk about it anywhere. If you brought pictures leave them in the briefcase. Molly and Kevin will be back soon.
How much do you know.
Blond right-handed really strong wears a size eleven shoe. The prints are all smooth gloves. He's on a full moon cycle. Both times. His blood is AB Positive.
That's not entirely true Will. It's the way you think.
I don't know Jack. He's got no face for me.
No other possibilities.
there's three 't's' and an 'r' in Tattler.
What'd it say.
Get me a plane
'Changes.'
He's very careful very designed when he chooses. If we find out how he finds them then we'll find him.
It does doesn't it.
There's somebody in the house Jack
but if we find him the print as evidence will get a conviction Hold on. What.
That was nice of you to think of that.
Who.
It's Dragon. Dragon Red Dragon.
THEY'LL MAKE YOU BE A PIECE OF SHIT AGAIN. THEY'LL MAKE YOU BE A HARELIP AGAIN. YOU BETTER GIVE ME WHAT I WANT.
What am I doing here.
Do you see.
Yes.
You did very well. I apologize for the crude images. Next time I'll have film stock that doesn't need lights.
Well it's about goddamn time. I have a note here or two pieces of a note that appears to be from the man who killed those people in Atlanta and.
Yeah
3680 DeSoto Highway. Marathon Florida.
Let's get straight who we've talking about. Are you the man I'm interested in.
I don't think I'll tell you.
One's on the respirator at a hospital in Baltimore. The other is in a private mental hospital in Denver.
He asked how you are.
We have it good don't we.
If I were.
I wanted it over fast. It felt dirty to not tell you.
What will you do.
Come home with me.
What's this Mama shit.
Will. You could come up here.
Let's forget who said what to whom
Are you George Sherman.
In this hatchery. Forty to fifty.
Crabs would get most of the newborns before they made it to the sea huh.
I'll hang around in here. I'll just be in the kitchen Mom
Dr. Bloom showed me your article on surgical addiction in the journal of Clinical Psychiatry.
You've read the transcript. It's all there.
It's in the transcript. What does it matter now.
It's about Atlanta and Birmingham.
Chilton. Gruesome isn't he. He fumbles at your head like a freshman pulling at a panty girdle. He actually tries to give me a Thematic and Apperception test. Hah. Sat there waiting for MF-13 to come up. It's a card with a woman in bed and a man in the foreground. I was supposed to avoid a sexual interpretation. I laughed in his face. Never mind it's boring.
Yes.
That's interesting.
It's not 'interesting'. You thought of it before.
I wanted to congratulate you for the job you did on Mr. Lounds. I admired it enormously. What a cunning boy you are Will.
What do you want.
Fight what.
I don't believe in God.
But George I like to push the boundaries
So how can I help you.
Eh I dunno Andy. I'm thinkin' of letting you go
I don't swear. I I don't do what everyone else does.
Right
What are you talking about. We just met an hour ago.
Popcorn.
Do you wanna to go to Memphis and get married.
Then stop treating me like a fucking prop.
GET OFF.
You're a wimp.
It's so dirty.
Hey that stuff gets written-up in the papers 
Yeah I KNOW what I said. But trust me it's not gonna happen.
Burlesque.
Bob. BOB. Bob bob bob. Bob what.
You don't know.
The sewers. Of course.
Smith. I am Agent Smith.
Oh shit.
I sent two units. They're bringing her down now.
Did you hear that.
Cypher. Where's Tank.
The Matrix isn't real.
I don't believe it. I don't believe it.
Why you're here.
What is he doing.
I imagine right now you must be feeling a bit like Alice tumbling down the rabbit hole.
The pill you took is part of a trace program. It's designed to disrupt your input/output carrier signal so we can pinpoint your location.
More important than what is when.
If you are killed in the Matrix you die here.
How.
Yes.
Morpheus I don't think this is a good idea.
What.
Do you want to go somewhere and talk.
Neo please you have to trust me.
E.M.P. An electromagnetic pulse.
But an Oracle can.
That's different.
Did you go to her.
What did she tell you.
Go.
We can't leave him.
Is Morpheus alive.
Morpheus sacrificed himself so we could get you out. There's no way you're going back in.
Morpheus did what he did because he believed that I'm something I'm not.
What.
Are you all right.
Where is it.
Why.
I'll be all right.
They've burned through the outer shields.
You are with out a doubt the biggest most pretentious bullshit thrower I know. Like to see what kind of business you'd do.
Look at her.
Hey come on
Waddaya think.
You'd better make a move kid. He thinks you're trying to screw him.
Well kidshave the bans been announced yet.
Take it. I'm doing it for you stupid.
NO What do you think I am crazy
Back so soon.
That bad huh.
I can't make this week's payment and if this keeps up not next week's either.
Charlie this is business.
He could at least show some respect and show his face even if he doesn't have the money
Fine.
His whole family has problemshis cousin the girl who lives next door to you
Maybe who knows.
I know you don't. You've been very preoccupied lately.
SureHe lives there.
Scumbag
I know what you're going to say but don't say it. These drinks are all on the tab. I'm gonna see you this Tuesday payday I promise. I give you my word.
Friends of yours Michael.
Must have been all the liquor in him.
Hi everybody. Sorry to be late had to have dinner with my depart- ment chief 
Not much more. Big day in the big city. What's on your mind.
I know you do darling.
Annie made them.
Hi Daddy what do you think.
That you've been to Susan.
What about the Mayor.
I would prefer some peanut butter.
 Did I hear 'business'.
Bill's birthday is the day after tomorrow. There is a provisory by- law in our charter. Per the discre- tion of the Board Corporate off- icers can be retired at age sixty- five.
We're not getting anywhere here. Why don't we take some of the best out of this thing let's consider it coolly let's take a week 
Is this a state secret or are we being excluded just for the fun of it.
Perhaps you could remind me.
I'm not stepping anywhere 
I appreciate your gentlemanliness Bill but what we need to do here is drive the dagger home 
Me too.
So Board convenes tomorrow you'll recommend we close and it's a deal right.
Sounds like you're not leaving much room for discussion.
Shall we adjourn.
Mind if I throw up.
I've already introduced Mr. Black to you all.
I don't know where you get that idea the Board agreed 
The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all.
Thanks Quince.
Obeah evil. I not evil.
No no. I on holiday.
Make it go 'way.
Don' be facety woman.
No I come to see Doctor.
Yes.
Yah.
She knows you real self.
Brung you flowers and all I gettin's facety back.
Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty.
The Board is waiting.
Black.
That's very gracious of you Quince.
Cirrhosis of the liver is the fifth leading killer of adult Western males.
I didn't know that.
Love.
You love Allison don't you.
How did you meet.
I'm lost.
 What kind of childhood did you have.
I don't have any.
Yes.
Joe I'm with Drew.
Yes
You're here.
He's taking a nap.
It gets worse.
Don't. That will come later.
I - uh 
Susan 
 Yes.
I'm sorry I'm a little discon- certed that stuff between you and Susan uh threw me.
So there's nothing between you and Susan.
When you go I go.
How are you. How're you feeling.
And I won't tell anyone who you are.
Of course.
Excellent. What is it.
I don't want anybody buying up my life's work and turning it into something it wasn't meant to be. A man wants to leave something behind. And he wants it left behind the way he made it. And he wants it to be run the way he run it with a sense of honor of dedication of truth. Okay.
I wouldn't put it that way.
I couldn't sleep.
You're violating the laws of the universe.
You're what.
I think you heard me Bill.
No.
Yes.
It just occurred to me 
'I know it's none of my business.'
Are you giving me orders.
I want to have a look around before I take you.
But I've got to tell you if mergers are in the wild I've got some great prospects I've developed. I want to talk to you about them next week.
Yeah - Bill - How are you. You okay.
We're all here Bill 
How did you know.
That's for me. I'm talking about you. It's not so much what you say about Drew it's what you don't say.
Well it worries me. I want you to get swept away. I want you to levitate. I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.
Bravo.
You're terrible.
Uh - will that hold you Joe.
Then what is it.
Are you relieved.
Nothing to be sorry about. That's the way with men and women isn't it.
Everybody's a doctor around here. This apartment house is all green pajamas and slippers. The guy I'm waiting for to vacate is a doctor. What kind of doctor.
I've got to go 
Why.
38.
47.
Hiya.
This was your room. You're up in 304 now.
Business is slow. I told my boss about You about your condition. He told me to Try and rent you another room.
Yeah well you're not gonna remember anyway.
That's right I did didn't I.
What.
I like your car.
What the fuck are you doing here.
Yes.
Then you shouldn't have to ask.
I wrote an address in there too. Might be useful. It's this abandoned place outside of town. I guy I know used to use it for his bigger deals.
Sounds perfect. What do I owe you.
Something feels wrong. I think someone's fucking with me. Trying to get me to kill the wrong guy.
Kill him.
He'll kill you Lenny.
Yeah.
What does he want.
What do you think I am. I'm not gonna kill someone for money.
How did they explain what you remembered. The gun and stuff.
Sweet.
There's a dress code.
Did Teddy send you.
You said you were leaving town.
Yeah well I go on facts not recommendations okay.
You're living.
You don't know him.
We've got to get him out of here.
Lenny as a buddy let me inform you. Your business here is very much finished. You're still here because of Natalie.
Yes I do. I don't have amnesia. I remember everything about myself up until the incident. I'm Leonard Shelby I'm from San Fran -
Why. Come on Leonard we talked about this. It's not safe f or you to be walking around like this.
I don't know. See I have this condition.
Somehow I'll know.
Why would I do that.						  *
What cop.
Gottingen. That's in Sweden.
Sal Maguda.
I got to talk to my ADO
What do you like to drink.
So where's the best place for mojitas.
Off a little alley with cobblestones. Hemingway went there
Your father.
Mojitas.
No.
'cause we have no futureare of today and not tomorrow.
and therafore there is no consequence.
Is it December.
Good samba dancing.
And if I were in the Comoros in the Indian Ocean where would you be.
What are you going to do with me. Are you taking me to jail. You think I will turn into your informant is that it.
Anything.
Where we meeting 'em.
To the limit.
Where.
where you're makin' a move on the wife of Archangel de Jesus Montoya.
What is going on.
What's your Miami PD badge number.
From whom.
Who's the we. There's you and there's us. And all we got from you was bad intel. Low-level producer. Yeah right
Hi Gina. Hi Sonny.
We don't know. And that's the point. Maybe there's a mole. Whatever it's a disaster. And it's a Joint Interagency Task Force. I have DEA ATF U.S. Customs components in on it. So the penetration could be from any one agency. What we do know is I have to suspend operations right now from undercover work through interdictions 'cause I have to assume our Operational Security is blown.
even if they could run the identities you built to EPIC all they'll find is more cover Trust what you built. It's quality girl. We're cool
Burnett. They want 22% of the value on loads they run into South Florida. It's the Juarez cartel model. They guarantee the loads. The upside is our risk goes to zero. That frees-up capital.
What would you do.
And as an investment in the future
Then what were we talking to you for.
You're hoping to get a look at what.
Men they mostly faggots.
I'm sorry. I thought you were never mind I've never actually been there but let me see you take the Seventh Avenue subway I think to the end of the line
Well that's something never happened to me before you can bet your bottom dollar. Uh where's the matches ma'am.
Shee-it Kee-rist you really know the ropes. Wish to hell I bumped into you before. I'm Joe Buck from Texas and I'm gonna buy you a drink what do you say to that.
How would I know. You gotta tell a person these things A hustler. Picking up trade on the street like that baby believe me you need management.
Ten ten I got a twenty take that
Shee-it man I can't say all that.
The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk. That's a known fact. If I can find the goddam hole the milk squirts out.
Hey you're good. I bet you could pick up a living at this if you tried.
You like it. Take a look.
Well this thought just struck me. It wasn't too long ago I was washing dishes way the hell somewhere in Texas.
Don't say nothing about you either.
Okay. Here it is. You gonna go see the doctor. I got nine bucks and twenty more Thursday and I gonna be riding high before you know it. So you gonna get you the best goddam doctor in this town and get yourself straightened out that's what.
You know what's wrong with you. You got fevers. You kinky as a bedbug. How you gonna get to Florida.
They gotta be.
Sometimes it seems to me time stopped twenty years ago. There was this war there was this handsome young man with quite black hair and he was supposed to die. But he didn't. Isn't that amusing.
You bet I do sir.
But I'll bet you got one thing in common with them other boys. I'll bet you're lonesome.
Yessir I can see that.
You really want to do business.
 and taxi fare for me.
He had a bald skull and
Where.
Could be ten or fifteen. Maybe even twenty.
Hey. I'm getting this together man and I don't need no fucking Gastro-head along on this trip. We go through the wall.
What.
Anybody bitten.
Too bad you didn't have a machine.
DAD.
Where are the minefields.
Four planes in four daysbut I guess you kids don't read the newspapersand what with our people kicking up a shit storm 'bout the flow of heroin from Turkey you got
are you with the Consulate.
What's your father do.
Yeah for the criminally insane. I was there once for two weeks and it ain't an illusion. It's awful. Namidou runs it like a death camp that's where he spends most of his time
What. You gotta be joking.
Yeah I got it all worked out. Billy listen to me. That old guard likes you You drop some acid on him. When he's Seeing rainbows yer know. walk out - tonight.
Then we're outside the kogus. Then what.
Cut his fucking throat.
Max - where.
Dog eat dog Hi-yes. You fuck other man before he fuck you. And you must fuck last.
It's not important just technical things. We make our case. You were very good you spoke well. The Judge like you. It look good. Don't worry.
What lawyer.
Did they get the sleazebag who owns this place.
There are thirty five listed in the reverend Wong's roster
Show that to the station manager. Tell him Leonard's gonna have his bubble-butt he don't have someone down here in ten.
Excuse me I'm talking to you.
Did you see the size of that thing.
Oh man there you go again.
Its muscles are locked.
Mistake. What's that supposed to.
Can we get this car there.
You better tell me what the hell's going on here.
Maybe they lied to you.
His blood. It's driving them crazy. We have to mask the odor.
What-
Hello.
as long as they're ready for the opening I don't care just tell them that.
I'm on it. Don't worry. Look SusanI don't mean to pry but I kinda overheard you and Peter.
Must get lonely living out here all by yourself.
Shhh we're just outside Silver Creek.
Here.
You want to read it.
What's your new book called.
Nothing.
It has no nobility.
I guess that means it's okay.
Thank you so much.
I thought it was time you two should meet. Paul say hello to my favorite beast in all the world my sow Misery.
What are you doing on the floor. It's my fault. If I'd had a proper hospital bed this never would have happened. Here let me help you back in. I know this hurts but it'll only take a few seconds. There you go. Comfy.
Yes.
I know this is the only copy Paul. When you were twenty-four you wrote your first book and you didn't make a copy because you didn't think anybody would take it seriously. But they did. And ever since you've never made any copies because you're superstitiousit's why you always come back to the Silver Creek Lodge. You told that story to Merv Griffin eleven years ago.
I guess you don't get bothered by neighbors much.
You know goddamn well what I've been doingI'VE BEEN SITTING HERE SUFFERING. I need my pills.
Poor dear Let's get you back in bed and I'll get them for you.
not fair.
I can't write this anymore.
The gotta. Remember you talked about it in Playboy magazine. You said there's a million things you can't do in this world; you can't hit a curve ball you can't fix a leaky faucet or make a marriage work but there's one thing you always have and that's the power of the gotta.
Annie I think we should have a toast.
Oh you. I just picked things up over the years.
That's very kind of you but I'll bet it's not altogether true.
Why are you so mean Mister you'd-be- dead-in-the-snow-if-it-wasn't-for- me.
I know you do. I love you too Annie. And you're right. We are meant to be together. And I know we must die. But it must be so that Misery can live. We have the power to give Misery eternal life. We must finish the book.
You really think Sheldon's out there.
What is it.
I'm not sure. Maybe nothing.
Yeah I understand he's been up here the last six weeks.
If I can.
All done chief.
Then don't say it.
Yes. We won't be able to have dinner tonight. Something's come up. I hope you don't mind.
Feel like pleading for your life.
And you're happy about that.
I knew where it was.
.or hard wired.
Package away in five.four.three. two.one
He should've have killed the virus in the incubation area.Nyah's exited the elevator on the same level as the lab.
No. Should I.
Not tonight. Bad timing. Sorry -
- torque wrench.
May I say something no offence. You look like a gigolo you sound like a thief you act like a cop - what the bloody hell do you have in mind.
Damn you're beautiful.
Go and insinuate yourself back into Sean's life.
So would I. But it's not mine to give.
No. You can be a thief and have a conscience: Not me. Why did you have to tell me about this. What do I have to do to get away from this guy. When you're with him he messes about with your head every waking moment.even now I'll be at some out-of- the-way-place a tin of caviar and a bottle of Crystal shows up at the table with two glass God knows how he finds out at any given moment where I am in the world but he does. And it looks like he's done it again. You know his definition of a true paranoid.
Generally I don't favor coercing someone. Not when there's a chance my life could end up in their hands.
 his left jacket pocket.
Where do I meet you.
Ethan you know what frightens me most when I'm with himthe thought of never seeing you.how are we getting out of here.
Well. You're sorry and I'm sorry.
Not yet. We did manage to pull any sensitive equipment and material out of our safehouse wreckage.
We could lock down passport control and all ports of authority but that won't stop Ambrose and beyond him we don't know who else we're looking for all terrorist bank accounts of which we're aware are stable. No deposits no withdrawals. Therefore no suspects.
You'd like me to conduct my own debriefing.
He was quite a man. Did he know before the end you two had succeeded.
.not in time to save him.
That simple huh.
Yeah. Why else would he come back to Australia. If he had them both he could sell them anywhere.
Now how to get in there.
You took it. All of it. And what if I need it.
C'mon c'mon tell the truthc'mon.
Are <u>you</u> all right Ethan. What's wrong with you.
No I got out of the car and I ran to the bridge.
That was four hours ago. Who sent you. Did they send you here.
You don't think we're going to make it.
I didn't say that.
Kittridge is Job. Max delivered. How far is he from Luther.
Of course - Iím sorry to hear you say that Claire.
Donít <u>think</u> be <u>sure</u>. Are you clean.
Who else is left.
What are we downloading.
What makes you trust me.
It's all one big negotiation isn't it.
Okay boot it up and in anywhere from thirty seconds to ten minutes you're gonna have Virginia farm boys hopping around you like jackrabbits.
Thanks Max. Or is it Maxine.
It doesnít dear girl. as long as you tell me where the money is.
Simple game. Four players. Exfil opens the pocket  cyber ops lifts the wallet.
Why.
I'm willing to take the chance.
Oh. What's the problem.
Ethan you <u>can't</u> burn out.
He's our guy.
Sure. If the main character does.
Jim who do you think you're kidding. A doctor's gotta look at that. You can't sit up straight.
Youíre probably right.
And get a doctor.
Sorry Ethan. Times up. Say goodbye.
Oh you're not going. You're staying.
Rita. Pass the wine.
Okay.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Here. Ti amo.
More Bad Luck. I don't like his face Loretta. I don't like his lips. When he smiles I can't see his teeth. When will you do it.
You have such a head for knowing. You know everything.
You haven't once said you like my dress.
Have you come from my brother.
Yes.
Yes. Do you want
That's the bad blood between you and Johnny.
But that wasn't Johnny's fault.
You don't have to help me.
I know that. I do what I want.
Where'd Johnny find you.
When your husband get hit by the bus.
What are you doing.
I'm telling you your life.
Why are you marrying Johnny. He's a fool.
He made me look the wrong way and I cut off my hand. He could make you look the wrong way and you could cut off your whole head.
What. What have we done.
What.
Hi.
Who painted that.
For what.
He didn't come.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why.
Let me go home.
Let me go home.
He's coming.
What the hell are you talking about. We're engaged.
Sure you do. You got all that wedding stuff.
No.
A man who can't control his woman is funny.
Then let's set the date.
Where. At the City Hall. No. I want the whole wedding or we will have Bad Luck. For a whole wedding to be planned a date must be set.
Yeah.
I don't know. But Johnny how did your mother recover. She was dying.
No.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Thanks. What's the matter with you.
Where's pop.
Listen I gotta go. I'll take the deposit to the bank but I'll do the books tomorrow. I gotta go.
Good.
I'm sure she did.
I'm a professor. I teach communications at N.Y.U.
Don't shit where you eat.
I'm not eating alone. Can I ask you a question.
I teach these classes I've taught for a million years. The spontaneity went out of it for me a long time ago. I started off I was excited about something and I wanted to share it. Now it's rote it's the multiplication table. Except sometimes. Sometimes I'm droning along and I look up and there's this fresh young beautiful face and it's all new to her and I'm this great guy who's just brilliant and thinks out loud. And when that happens when I look out among those chairs and look at a young woman's face and see me there in her eyes me the way I always wanted to be and maybe once was then I ask her out on a date. It doesn't last. It can go for a few weeks or a couple of precious months but then she catches on that I'm just a burnt out old gasbag and that she's as fresh and bright and full of promise as moonlight in a martini. And at that moment she stands up and throws a glass of water in my face or some action to that effect.
No. I think the house is empty. I can't invite you in because I'm married and because I know who I am. You're shaking.
Good night. Can I kiss you on the cheek too.
You mean the whole house.
It's a house.
Get away.
I am And this my trusty servant Patsy. We have ridden the length and breadth of the land in search of knights who will join our court at Camelot. I must speak with your lord and master.
So. We have ridden since the snows of winter covered this land through the kingdom of Mercea.
Found them. In Mercea. The coconut's tropical.
What do you mean.
Well this is a temperate zone.
Please.
No one live there.
All right. What do you want.
All right. All right. No more please. We will find you a shrubbery 
Thanks you Knights Who Say Ni. You are fair and just. We will return with a shrubbery.
'Allo. Whoo is eet.
I am Arthur King of the Britons.
Who are you. TALL KNIGHT We are the Knights Who Say Ni.
There are some who call me Tim.
I told you We're an anarcho-syndicalist commune we take it in turns to act as a sort of executive officer for the week.
Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help help I'm being repressed.
Bloody peasant.
Good idea O Lord.
 Well we did do the nose.
Ask me the questions Bridgekeeper. I am not afraid.
Here's one.
I dunno Must be a king.
I'm not quite dead sir 
They cost fifty pounds each.
'Mm very nice castle Camelot very good pig country.
No. Not the curtains lad  All that  all that you can see stretched out over the hills and valleys as far as the eye can see and beyond that'll be your kingdom lad.
Who are you.
How.
Okay. Fine. We'll remain here until you get back.
We're coming with you.
Well Look I'm afraid I really ought to be 
You've come to rescue me.
You tit. I soiled my armour I was so scared.
I didn't.
The good-looking one.
So. Someone'll send it on ahead.
She'll blow hot and cold on you John she always does. You want to be careful.
You watch your tongue.
Aye.
The place is a mess.
Yeah there's a good girl. Have you had a look at this hoof. She was limping badly. I think there might be a stone in it.
Yeah.
I'm flattered you think so.
It is quite late enough.
But mama the room was built expressly for that purpose. It has been a smoking-room by tradition ever since father 
Mr. Carter the Head Butler sits there.
There is to be no communication with other members of the household on matters concerning the court except through myself or one of the Equerries. No plans must be altered unless you are given prior authority by myself or a senior member of the household.
That can wait till the weekend.
Princes and Lords are but the breath of kings An honest man's the noblest work of God. You must miss such magnificent views.
Why.
I don't groom a horse to have it admired by others I groom it because it needs grooming.
I do not do it for others. But Ponsonby thinks they are good.
Aye. But there are Fenians reported on the mainland.
I cannot believe you are saying this. You who I have relied on all this time 
Have I ever let you down before.
Then why send me back to them.
You've seen the latest cartoon in Punch I take it.
We're going to lose.
In the press perhaps. But she's sold more copies of her Highland Journal in three months than Punch will ever sell in a year. Time to wheel her out.
It's Mr Brown ma'am.
He appears to be standing by his horse.
A few days ma'am.
Lord Clarendon arrives by invitation at eleven o'clock followed at twelve by a picnic in the grounds to celebrate Princess Alice's birthday. Dispatches as usual at two. The Chancellor writes to say that by happy coincidence he will be in Cowes for the weekend. He asks if Your Majesty might grant him an audience.
Why.
We vere thinking there might be tricks. You know surprises that you'd worked into the game
The donor. Maybe he's alive inside the game.
If this is a joke I'm not laughing.
Everybody's sick huh. It's fifteen after. We always meet here you know that.
Alex you don't know how long I've waited for this.
So how did it know my name then.
Sorry. Maybe I need the Valium.
It's the middle of the night. They're asleep. Phone didn't wake them.
It's not just the cable system. It's in the phone system as well the electronic net. It's everywhere.
It's growing. Getting stronger. Maybe it's only localized now
You mean we learn the rules
And beat it at it's own game.
Jesus Christ.
Listen to me Alex. These counselor's don't know anything. They're full of shit. If you don't fit the pattern of the perfect kid they freak.
And then keep on driving.
It's here
But I don't understand
They fired everyone.
Home. Meet me at the office. We've got to do something you've got to do something Adam.
Someone's shut off my money.
You gotta be kidding.
What did I say.
Well just stop for a little second and think about it. Will ya do that for me.
Damn lot of corn raised in Hollywood these days too.
You probably don't remember her but Louise Bonner lives right over there in number 29. When she isn't drunk she runs a damn good acting class.
Have many famous actors and actresses lived here. I was meaning to ask you that.
Your Aunt called me.
Sorry to trouble you Coco.
Are you okay.
Betty Elms.
You're still here.
Hi. I'm inquiring well I heard a sound last night that sounded like a car crash and I want to know if there was an accident on Mulholland Drive.
No .I.
II meanIit's none of my business.
She sure is. She's letting me stay here while she's working on a movie that's being made in Canada but I guess you know that. I couldn't afford a place like this in a million years. Unless of course I'm discovered and become a movie star. Of course I'd rather be known as a great actress than a movie star but sometimes people end up being both and that is I guess you'd say sort of why I came here. I'm sorry I'm just so excited to be here.I mean I just came here from Iowa and now I'm in this dream place. You can imagine how I feel.
What do you mean. You're Rita.
My parents are right upstairs. They think you've left
Get out. Get out before I call my dad he trusts you your his best friend. This will be the end of everything 
Oh no wonder I'm starving. I'm going to fix a sandwich. You want one.
When I get back I'll have the cab waiting so be ready to go.
It sounds kind of nice being somebody brand new.
To my audition.
You're so easy.
You're both embezzling. I saw the records.
Embezzling . I'm not embezzling .
Now what the hell are we supposed to do .
No where. We've got about seven minutes before this thing slams into a concrete wall.
Then you didn't give him any passwords of any kind .
NO . I wouldn't do that.
I'm listening.
How long till the room fills .
I've since changed my mind. I designed this place based on my belief that I was doing what the legal system couldn't or wouldn't do. McCay had the company buy the property and they pay the bills. It's a tax write off. On the books everything looks kosher. I have an office on 5th that I haven't seen in ten years.
Doesn't anyone notice all the people missing .
Just remember hold your breath as long as you can. Then go right over to that corner. The door will open and go in and up.
You okay .
Well surprise surprise I've been on the payroll for several years now. I still have an office and secretary. No one even batted an eyelash. Do you realize what the high turnover is in a multi corporation bank in New York .
Apparently pretty high we just got a new CEO last week.
That's a shame.
That's very funny sir. You are under arrest.
OUCH GODDAMMIT that hurts .
Hey try swimming. It works.
What . Are you my mother .
It's my control board and I don't want it acting squirrelly because you dropped a few crumbs into the keyboard no put the shit away.
RESPECT is earned not given away trust is given away to anybody.
I see here that this guy has made deposits into his own account for the last four months. Each one in the amount of $100000. He then puts in deposits into his girlfriends account.
Any priors . Any police record .
Parking tickets . That's it .
Fire the whole division.
Fire the whole division. We're moving more of the operations division into Manhattan anyway. Whoever is left over from the conversion is no longer needed. We already have all the key people here. Anyone else is expendable.
If you want I can fire you and have someone else who has the balls terminate these worthless people. Which will it be .
Yes sir I do. Last night's fresh from the Park.
Yes sir.
That mail room kid was the longest lasting guest yet . Maybe we can alter the computer records and make another guest from the more athletic of our staff.
What did you hear .
No. I am not a homosexual.
Are you happy with your salary and position .
I had hoped you would say that. I have a proposal for you.
What is Bruce doing .
There . There . Did you see . They're still alive .
Thank you won't you come in .
Okay now go under go under it . Shoot Vader's Tie Fighter . Get Him Get Him .
The roof is coming down. hey you. Which door gets us out of here .
You don't have to sound so emphatic.
How's your foot .
Good morning.
Did you see what the First Bank stock opened at . Very impressive.
We start with the top and work our way down. We start with the high salaries and then just let the little people go. No need to make the blue collars go crazy.
Oh I doubt itlectures are notoriously boring.
No they're not. I wanna be a writer I wanna be just like you.
Your Uncle Phil told me.
Are you suffering from a chemical imbalance or is it just an attitude problem.
I don't think you're very polite.
So charge him with somethingwho's gonna know.
Pommeroy.
What happened to Shelly.
If I eat it I'll throw up.
Ummmmm look II
Hillary Mitchell. How's she.

Would you likeehto have these movies.
More than anything in the world.
I guess what I mean is my mother married my dad after youand then I was born so I thought thatmaybe you got divorced because of me.
Maggie wanted to have a babyandummI didn't.
That's okay.
What's the matter.
Hi.
Then what did she do.
This is really very nice of you.
There's water in your bathroom.
Make that sixty and I'm docking your allowance for two weeks.
And you're gonna solve the mystery.
I never did understand that story did someone find the needle or not.
Yearbooks always set you out for disappointment I want mine to say: Nick probably won't amount to much so don't be surprised if you never hear anything about him again. Can we go.It smells like someone left their gym bag in here.
You ratted on my mother.
You are weird. Let's just go.
Maybe it'll fit my pinkie.
Come and get it.
What do you mean &quot;Uh Oh&quot;
You mean this ring.
Montgomery Clift wait 'till I tell Shelly.
And you'd be my cousin.
But we wouldn't really be related right.
Maybe notbut maybe it does. If no one told me about this I meanmaybe they're trying to hide something.
And I'm gonna use the movies when I give my report. Jeffrey says audiences love special effects.
Some sacrifices are worth it.
You're a good man Nicholas.
How about Nick. Did he take good care of you.
Sounds like you have a fear of commitment Uncle Phil.
Uhh sweetie I wou I wouI wou
I'd like to see his house butI don't know if I'd have the nerve to just go up and knock on his door. I don't think I can go through with it.
There's plenty of fruit.
You know how I feel about you.
So what's wrong.
I meanwith your car.
Well maybe for you.
Well let's just say you're lucky you deal with children who are under anesthesia.
Why do they call them training bra's. It's not like learning to ride a bike.
I don't know Dad doesn't either.
Is that why Uncle Phil moved there.
Shelly.
Arthur.
Vada.
What.
God I guess i'll have to introduce you now.
No.
It hurts it hurts so bad make it stop.
What Hurts Vada.
Hi.
Oh right right . Bader Lorenzo Died June 22 1972 Devoted husband to Nicolette. Cherished father of Babritzio and Heidi In lieu of flowers please send donations to the holy names society.
I do enjoy playing bingo if you'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you're welcome to.
Are you mad at me.
Goodnight Shelly.
I'm just picking some things up for the barbecue.
Yeah me too mind if I tag along.
Danny that's a real _bonehead_ thing to say.
Did you ahh love him.
I know that but what do you want from me.
Yes.
What are you doing.
I found this.
In the garage.
Do you miss her.
Yes I did very much for a long time and even now I get a little sad when I think of a pretty flower or a sunset that your mother would have liked.
Are you sure about all this.
Oh I'm running late. Shelly'll be here any minute.
Uhhh va uhh Vada.
Do you like her.
You know Vada you shouldn't let those girls upset you.
No.
They'll come around. Close your eyes I wanna bring out the gorgeous color in them. The first rule in applying eye makeup is you can never wear enough blue eye shadow.
How old are you.
It's okay sweetheart.
What are you saving for.
Hey look at this no feet.
I'm gonna be an acrobat when I grow up.
It'll bleed.
Do you remember her.
What do you think it's like.
It doesn't matter 'cause they're not regular horses they got wings and it's no big deal if you fall you just land in cloud.
Can we go yet.
What do you want it for anyway.
Hi Vada.
Hi wanna ride bikes.
So now you'll have a mother.
I'm hungry I can't last any longer.
Like they do on TV.
You have no appropriate sense of emergency. My best friend is ruining his life.
You have a real philosophy of life.
I am breaking her heart in the short run but doing her a gigantic favor. She would be miserable tagging along after this insensitive doofus.
I give.
I'm moving this book to Viking.
Tell him you're afraid of love. Afraid of needing.
You can't believe what it'd cost to bring in a temp.
He sucks soup through his front teeth.
And loving him means loving all of this.
So it's sweet of you to be protective
Let me rephrase that
Gold dog collars. They don't have dogs.
Exactly.
Who. The jerk who's running your life.
This must be very very hard on him.
Yeah well lots of couples are imcompat
Under the circumstances. Charmed to know you Jules.
Well sure.
Best everything Joe. But I'm going to dance with you.
I guess you're right. That would be deceitful manipulative controlling emascula
No problem. A little bullshit about Daddy's needs and presto I'm a lap dog in high society.
You miss her huh.
Dance card filled.
No accents today.
The fax is from Ben too. Man it's my wedding and my boss can't leave me alone
I mean do you realize what you've well of course you realize that's why you're confessing I mean I mean how could you do that.
I never forgot that.
Okay we'll split up. You go to every romantic place you guys have I'll go someplace brilliant and the first one who
What is that sup
Well if that's the way you f
Thank you Yes I am.
I appreciate your concern but she has to rest so you can go on home.
Yes.
He knows better.
What.
He's going to run for president.
It's on National television Barnett.
Well I'm here putting together a show. It's a benefit really.
ABC.
He's my father.
He got killed at a turkey shoot.
Harvard.
You go out in the woods and shoot targets Whoever shoots the most wins a live turkey
Do you know Barbara Jean.
Sure do. Good friend of Haven's.
Can I help you.
Did you see who that was.
He is just wonderful.
Uh huh.
Replacement party.
A guy named Walker. Amazing person. He's developed a huge following.
What year.
Mom.
Nashville.
I feel really good.
Linnea.
Hello.
Who is thin.
How old are you.
Well
Premeditated murder.
I'm not sure
What. 0h yes.
What time.
I can do benefits
Hello. John Triplette.
What National TV.
You don't know how pleased he'll be.
Sleeping.
Do you study at all.
You do.
Got me an audition tonight.
It's not bad.
Well honey I sure hope it comes your way then.
Thank you. Grace there is one other thing
Apple pecan cherry and key lime.
Naw she don't mind.
Why are Mickey and Mallory being moved to an asylum. And who made the decision.
The prison board made the decision. A board of which I belong. We're the who. The why is simple. Mickey and Mallory are mentally ill and need to be under a doctor's care where hopefully they'll receive the help they need.
Well since that time they've killed one person during their trail. And since their incarceration they've killed one psychologist along with several guards and inmates.
I take it by your answer it was a whole new team.
one night I was asleep and a noise wakes me up. I thought 'Oh shit somebody's broken in.' I didn't own a gun so I go into the living room with a fucking umbrella. Okay it turned out to be nothing. God made the noise. Who knows.
Or what. You'll wound me. I can blow you in half and you know it.
Say something.
Of course I miss Mallory. She's my wife. I haven't seen her in a long time. What a stupid question.
You'll never understand. Me and you Wayne we're not even the same species. I used to be youthen I evolved. From where you're standing you're a man. From where I'm standing you're a ape. I'm hereI'm right here and youyou're somewhere else man. You say why. I say why not.
OkayokayI'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later.
Everybody thought I'd gone crazy. The cops my mom everybody. But you see they all missed the point of the story. I wasn't crazy. But when I was holding the shotgun it all became clear. I realized for the first time my one true calling in life. I'm a natural born killer.
I could go for a Coke.
That's what I thought. You tell them that. When we go down those stairs I want you to scream what you just told me. 'My name is Wayne Gayle. I am the star of American Maniacs watched every week by' how many people.
'Every week by forty million people. I am a respected journalist.' Have you won any awards.
We ain't got all fuckin' day.
If they stay they'll catch you and they don't have to catch you-
That's the way of the world.
So Mallory calls 911 and they took off.
Drink up. This is a celebration. This is the day we received word we were gonna make television history. We're gonna have the first sit down in depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever one day before he's being shipped to a mental hospital for the rest of his life. This is one of those golden moments that happens maybe only four times in a lucky journalist's career. This is Wallace with Noriega this is Elton John confessing his bi-sexuality to the Rolling Stone this is the tearful reporting of the Hindenberg disaster this is Truffaut setting the record straight on Hitchcock this is a Robert Capa photo this is Woodward and Bernstien meeting Deep Throat in an underground parking lot this is John Reid reporting 'The Ten Days That Shook The World' this is the hippies' bloody palms at Kent State the Maysles brothers at Altamont this is the Nixon/Frost interviews
That dumbass probably put my chocolate cream filled in there by mistake.
Roger no.
What's the big deal. Take out my chocolate cream filled put one of these roasted coconut-
Yeah. Bus is all gassed up and ready to roll.
Camera jam. I'm sorry Wayne. God.
It's gonna be beautiful.
Wayne if it was anybody else-
Three.
Why don't I have Mickey thrown back into his cell and we can forget the whole thing.
See Duff. He's the money man.
I'll smile when it's funny.
Well she never gave me none. Look you better find him a place pretty quick.
Thanks.
And his age.
Hard to get up in the morning huh.
Been over to the other mill.
It's just that we're not used to seein' anyone stand up 'round here. Kinda took us by surprise.
You must be new in town.
Why d'you come out with me. You slummin' or something.
You keep asking me why I'm here.
Damn few places you can make eighty bucks a week.
Well I don't get on so well most places.
Get out of here.
How come you stay 'round here.
Well my mother was the only good teacher the colored school ever had. Nobody bothers with those kids.
You would huh. If I was you baby - I wouldn't go 'round stickin' out my jugular vein.
At first it was real strange. Hell Japan is a long ways from Alabama. Really got under my skin though. Almost didn't come back.
Are you married.
No. Women're always followin' me 'round.
I'll have some coffee please.
It's okay with me baby. But how' you goin' to like it.
Smells like something crawled in there and died.
You still didn't answer my question.
You know how to box.
It sure scares you a guy like that - settin' out on his porch doin' nothin'. I seen hundreds of them - all my life.
Man we sure hit the jackpot fast around here.
What about your boy.
They won't.
Don't do that.
You'll be better off without me. I ain't fit to live with no more. It's just like a lynchin'. Maybe they don't use a knife on you but they got other ways.
Good-bye Frankie.
'You Will Anderson.
Pretty good for a one-armed nigger huh.
My son. I ain't got no son. You Duff.
That's right.
Better get him to a hospital.
Don't do her no good to get banged like that.
What did you say boy.
No they won't.
How 'you gonna live.
Don't be too hard on him.
Hello.
I guess not.
It ain't in me.
I guess I'll rob a bank.
Oh yeah. Seems to me Reverend you' more concerned 'bout your good. Guess it looks kind 'a bad havin' me for a son-in-law.
I'll be a monkey's kid sister. What d'you want to do a thing like that for.
Yeah. All a colored woman wants is your money.
What d'you know about women Pop.
Sure. Got a sixteen-year-old girl.
Come on Will.
No. Why.
Nothin'. She's all right. Wouldn't have made it without her. Christ - haven't worked in eight months. Right now I'm waitin' for some insurance money. And man when I get it I got plans to make me some more. Let's get out'a here. This place gives me the willies. You got some money.
Whoa. No way. You can't enter the kill zone.
How long's it been.
Oh my God I'm terribly sorry. Did I hurt you.
He wants to kill you you know Perhaps I won't allow it.
You didn't come here to destroy Wintermute. You can to save a man you love. A man who isn't even capable of returning that love. Such a waste
Security breach. Perhaps her friends have come to join our party.
It's nothing. C'mon we've got to transfer those funds and get the hell out of here.
What the hell is that.
Are you sure you're up to this Mr. Case. We could reconvene tomorrow.
Our analysis of the London stock crash suggest that it was manipulated from within the international computer matrix. Cyberspace Mr. Case A realm I believe you're familiar with.
This one's different. No one can trace it. It's out there somewhere in the matrix and it's growing stronger infecting other computer systems like a virus.
Working with a dead man. Shit I've done about everything else.
Could be your A.I.'s calling card.
Let's hope she doesn't expect me to swim upstream.
He's a Sense/Net Chairman. Why would he launch an A.I.
Tell me the words.
Don't know mon. This is a jumpship. Not meant for transport.
Can you take me to it.
Getting fried ain't going to get it any smarter. What we got here is one mad dog schizo A.I. Armitage is right about one thing Bro. If we don't shut this mother down soon nothing will be safe from it.
We got problems topside.
It'll flatline your ass.
How much time you got left.
Don't worry Dix. I'm on a roll.
I said it's coming. Just get me in man.
And we really do have to talk.
And Linda
What about before that.
You're not ready yet. They said two days.
The first fun's bound to be rough. It that read out fluctuates more than ten points just pull this out. But if the EEG flatlines don't touch anything.
Technically yeah but people have made it back after as long as three minutes.
What's wrong. Don't like flying.
Case Are you alright.
Le Vingtieme Siecle. We're meeting Armitage there for the midnight floor show.
I know.
How long will they watch us for.
Until Guy tells them to go. Once they watched me for like two hours. I found my car the next day in the T.J. Maxx parking lot.
Just so you know I think they recalled these cars in 1974.
Thanks.
Oh man. Who told.
Go away. I have enough work here to last me all night.
Hi. You're here for the sex talk.
Roger in Op/Ed.
My own undercover feature - Written by Josie Geller.
What'd you feel when you kissed him.
Yeah but I'm okay. I've got some work to do.
Well excuse me for caring about words.
This is where the stories are. You are going to become friends with these people. You are going to party with them. You are going to hang out with them on weekends. When they go to prom you are going to be in their same damn limo.
Get to know them. Very well. Your job and my job depends on it.
Depend on it. No s. Your subject is plural.
Maybe I could talk to Rigfort you know tell him the whole story.
You know what though. I feel like I'm really ready to do it. To have sex for the first time.
Better person than I.
See.
Someday this luau is going to be all mine.
Are mom and dad here.
No I mean no big whoop.
Come on. It's not that hard. All you need is one person. Once the right person thinks you're cool you're in. Everyone else will be too scared to question it.
Rufus.
Hey Josie hold on. You've been hiding something from me.
Your writing. It's amazing Josie. You're really talented. And far less depressing than Dorothy Parker.
You're afraid of the Ferris wheel.
Well are you here with anybody.
No I'm alone.
Now I don't want to. I bought all of your penguin crap. I thought I found herthe right one. And the problem was she was too young. No - the problem wasshe didn't even exist.
I know.
Of course you do and I want you to but there's no need to hurry it along is there.
I know.
Just what.
What trail are you trying to throw me off now.
Taste it.
<i>           That's the point of the thing not to know.</i>
You'd better be quiet Sandy.
I told you I want that room unpacked.
What are you talking about.
Come back here.
Could be all night. Guy gets his rocks off like this. Hangs out in queer S & M joints downtown. Likes prettyboys like you.
So what about you and that Poletti girl.
Elm Street. You telling me you moved in to that big white house with the bars on the windows.
Yeah well Schneider's got a stick up his ass today.
You're fucked in the head.
March 7th - Glen asked me to sleep with him again. I can't yet - I like him I want to make him happy but I'm not sure that I love him. I can't sleep with someone I don't love.
Are you sure.
Sorry. Schneider id it to me again.
And heat and chemical reactions. Where does it all go when you die.
What is this place.
Any ghosts in here.
Disappointed.
It's gone now.
I'm afraid to go to sleep I'm afraid to stay awake - I'm ruining your party. They're gonna put me away for sure.
You created him - you can destroy him. He lives off your fear. Fight him Jesse.
Don't fucking humor us. We're not in the mood.
It was great seeing you again. I'm glad you dropped by.
You like gymnastics.
I haven't been able to do that since I was a little girl.
Freddy.
Nancy.
Hi sweet stuff. Good news.
So.
Sogot the keys to heaven baby.
This is Phillip. We call him The Walker.
Max where's Kristen.
I just wanted to be here for the kids. how are they.
Crossed over.
That's what I know.
With Hypnocyl.
I used to be like them Neil. I know what they're going through.
I can't believe I just did that.
Try me.
The question is what happened to Freddy's body.
Frankly I don't understand why some grad school superstar is being treated like a seasoned pro.
For God's sake Elizabethjust try to help the kids will you. Listen to them.
Uh fourteen.
C'mon.
Good. You conquer the demon but your horse is sinking in the bog. What do you do.
Mom and Dad. That'scrazy. They never said
What do you think of the guinea fowl.
Lovely to meet you.
Well they can be.
Nothing nothing Look I live just over the street you could get cleaned up.
Oh hi. Forget something.
Oh hi. It's William Thacker. We ahm I work in a bookshop.
I'm just a complete moron. Sorry. This is the sort of thing that happens in dreams not in real life. Good dreams obviously it's a dream to see you.
Well it was nice to meet you. Surreal but nice.
If that's all right.
I'm sure it's all right. My friend Max is cooking and he's acknowledged to be the worst cook in the world but you know you could hide the food in your handbag or something.
You'll have to prove it. This is a great brownie and I'm going to fight for it. State your claim.
Why.
Because my boyfriend who I thought was in America is in fact in the next room.
I don't know. It got to the point where I couldn't remember any of the reasons I loved him. And you and love.
'Very well captain I'll pass that on straightaway.'
Damn. 'And Wainwright'
Well get a message through to him too.
You've got big feet.
Definitely. 'You may show the dent at the top of the artist's buttocks but neither cheek. In the event of a stunt person being used the artist must have full consultation.'
Well thank you. Anyway time for bed. Or sofa-bed.
That's spectacularly unfair.
Excuse me.
This is certainly ah
It's not going very well and it's our last day.
Absolutely you're clearly very busy.
Well how have you been.
 with you I'm in real danger. It took like a perfect situation apart from that foul temper of yours but my relatively inexperienced heart would I fear not recover if I was once again cast aside which I would absolutely expect to be. There are too many pictures of you everywhere too many films. You'd go and I'd be well buggered basically.
I see. That reality is a real 'no' isn't it.
I haven't decided.
Can I have your autograph.
Where are you going.
Yup.
I just want to say to Tony don't take it personally. The more I think about things the more I see no rhyme or reason in life no one knows why some things work out and some things don't why some of us get lucky and some of us
No.
Still loves you though.
Oh no this is just getting worse. I am going to find myself 30 years from now still on this couch.
But she said she wanted to go out with you.
Bloody hell this is fun.
Shame.
Di Caprio.
Blimey. What's that.
Ahm room service.
'Horse and Hound.' The name's William Whacker. I think she might be expecting me.
Well fire away.
Well you tell me which bit you liked most and I'll tell you if I enjoyed making it.
Shall I go get a cappuccino. Ease the pain.
Do you ever masturbate.
I think you have forgotten what an unusual situation you have here to find someone you actually love who'll love you the chances are always miniscule. Look at me not counting the American I've only loved two girls in my whole life both total disasters.
Oh God no.
Yes might make it hard to strike a really romantic note.
It's not yogurt it's mayonnaise.
Imagine somewhere in the world there's a man who's allowed to kiss her.
Well it was genuinely bizarre she said hi it's Anna and then she said call me at the Ritz and then gave herself a completely different name.
Spike.
Spike. For God's sake she's in trouble get a grip.
No secrets Mister Harding. Let's get it all out in the open
I was in luh-love with her.
Sh-sh-sh-she m-m-made m-m-me do it.
Billy that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly
Who. Tell me.
My name is Miss Ratched. I'm the head nurse here. You've already met Miss Pilbow and Aides Washington and Warren.
I'm not finished yet.
I'm sorry Mister McMurphy I count only eight.
You mean to tell me you're gonna count those old birds over there.
Mr. McMurphy you had no right to take these men out with you.
Yeah that's kind of crazy ain't it.
I hope everything is settled.
That's okay kid
So long kid.
Wh-wh-wh-wh
I-I d-d-don't know. M-M-Miss R Ratched g-g-g-g
H-h-how's it g-g-going Mack.
God Bless America.
She won't give me any more cigarettes.
Hey Cheswick. Wake up.
They went that way.
When do you think we'll be going back Mack.
It's the questions she asks.
What. What.
So long Freddy. Don't take any wooden nickles.
I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones buddy what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you.
Lobotomy.
It doesn't help him.
No.
Gimme the ball.
I wanna go home.
Man there sure is an awful lot of poontang around here.
Oh what's that.
Well ya know Doc Doesn't it say so there.
Ah it seems you have no other psychiatric history Mister Murphy.
Well I was turnin' this dilemma over in my head when I happened to hit on that old tub room out there an' I said to myself McMurphy I said that place would make a great second day room. A sort of game room for the young fellas. Whadaya think Doc.
Jesus that old nurse sure wants my ass in a sling don't she.
Time out.
Pardon me miss but would you mind turning
How do ya know that.
You think it's funny huh.
Yeah.
How much ya wanna bet.
Yeah take us back to the dumbwaiter Mac.
I tell ya there's an angel of mercy standing out there Turkle.
Now wouldn't you pray for twenty bucks a bottle booze an' a piece of that angel cake.
You know I never got your name.
Hi.
Maybe I'll just use that thick skull of yours as a batterin' ram Sefelt.
Make yourself at home Mister McMurphy
Why sure ma'am
You've been drinking on the job again haven't you Mister Turkle.
What happened.
Are they dangerous when they're awake.
You ol' fucker.
Of course not.
Nobody here has any idea which way he went.
Why.
Were they pen pals.
Nothing you could say would change the way I feel.
We'll KNOW.
I'll bring it back as soon as I can.
Dwayne Pinsley. I'm trying to reach Dwayne Pinsley.
Uh in case Dwayne wants to try to reach you.
You didn't answer my question.
There must be something I can do something I can say to make this up to you. Just tell me what it is I'll say it. I'll do it. I don't want you to hate me.
Fine. Okay. Forget me. Leave me out of it. But don't go throwing your life away on somebody you don't love.
So. You found him.
I'm sorry.
No. I mean yes I'm not. I decided to call it off. Well actually it was kind of mutual.
I'd call that a yes. Do I get a hint.
What.
Very funny.
Been here long.
Sure.
I don't know I guess I never really thought about it Is Larry here.
Metaphorically I still don't have an Amana freezer.
So what's your point.
No.
Look how big it makes me look. I look like an Alp.
You don't have a passport.
Live happily ever after.
This is a Lifestyles hotel.
I just got a dial tone
Only what.
I don't know Kate. I just said that. I'm sorry. I'm just on edge. I'm afraid we're losing him.
'Course he does.
And then what Faith.
That was really sweet
I meant about my idea.
Yeah. Sociopaths. They're able to figure out what you want them to be and then they act like that.
I thought you were the one who didn't think I should've come in the first place.
What about Peter.
You sure you'll be okay.
Kate. Thank God you're there. I need help.
So
I'm fine. Have you seen Peter.
She's saying he's a a porco.
How old are you.
This is the last one before the wedding right.
Not only is it tacky it's exploitation.
Sociologist. And because. Pawn shops are just like prostitutes farm auctions and coal miners. They're all for sale but none of 'em would be if they weren't desperate for the money.
It was an emergency. I only lied that night because it was the only way I knew to stop her. I knew if I didn't I'd never see her again.
Good strategy.
And then I saw her. And all I know is when I looked in her eyes I saw something light. And life and passion and yearning. And something else I can't even put my finger on something I'd never seen before
Mania.
I'm gonna take her home first.
And don't be walking off with any of that. You know how the boss feels about individual pilferage.
You mean to sit there and tell me that your local takes in sixty-five thousand five hundred dollars every year and keeps no financial records.
The Joey Doyle thing. You know how he is. Things like that— he exaggerates them. Too much Marquis of Queensbury. It softens 'em up.
Working hard.
I just fnished work. I counted the bags.
Why me Charley. I'd feel funny going in there.
I've got to cover a bet there on the way over. Anyway it gives us a chance to talk.
The grapevine says you picked up a subpoena.
—ex-tanker who's walking on his heels— .
I could have been better.
Wow .
Time and faith . My brother's dead and you stand there talking drivel about time and faith.
Thanks. Steel pipes and baseball bats.
I'll get home all right now.
Everybody loved Joey. From the little kids to the old rummies. Did you know him very well.
I can get home all right from here—
Now you got me. It's a wonder I wasn't punchy by the time I was twelve. The rulers those Sisters used to whack me with. They thought they could beat an education into me—I foxed 'em.
I don't know.
No thanks .
I went pretty good for a while didn't I Al. But— I didn't stay in shape— and— —I had to take a few dives.
Our Lord said just the opposite.
I never met such a person. Not a spark of romance or sentiment or— or human kindness in your whole body.
I'm tryin' to keep you from being hurt— What more do you want.
I— I brought this for you Terry. It was Joey's. Yours is coming out at the elbows.
What I did to Joey.
I don't want to hurt Charley— I don't want to hurt you
I'll take it out of their skulls.
Do what I told you. Take care of Charley.
Am I on my feet.
Who is he Pop.
He wasn't Abyssinian Pop Assyrian .
I don't want to hear it in there.
You go to hell.
Never will be much too soon.
You're being served with a subpoena Mr. Malloy.
What's the matter wit' you success gone to ya head.
Hey Skins— get away with that sheet metal all right.
Count this.
My favorite little cousin.
I thought you were gonna keep an eye on that church meeting.
Nothing happened Johnny.
It was a big nothing. The Father did all the talking.
Oh he did. Half an hour later a certain Timothy J. Nolan went into secret session with the Commission and he did all the talking.
You want to know the trouble with you. You think it makes you a big man if you can give the answers.
From where you stand maybe. But I'm standing over here now. I was rattin' on myself all them years and didn't know it helpin' punks like you against people like Pop and Nolan an' .
I can look at her can't I. It's a free country.
Tippi-tippi-tim tippi-tim Tippi-tippi-tan tippi-tan Gotta dime for a crippled-up docker.
The brother of Charley the Gent. They'll help us get to the bottom of the river.
But does it have to be in a cemetery.
What help can we possibly find in the cemetery at this time of night.
I'm not sure
Be careful.
My guess is if we don't take the chance pretty soon we're not going to have much life left anyway.
Be careful oh please be careful. We'll never get out of here alive I know it. I just feel it.
I still don't know what ever made me go steady with a crackpot writer like you.
You better hope there is.
He wants us.
You know that Super Bowl party. They changed the date. It's on <u>tonight</u> eight-thirty.
What's free about it. I'm looking for work.
Listen Adele the reason I called that party is today instead of Sunday. About eight-thirty like only a few hours from now. So you'll have to get hold of Buddy whatever he might be doing
And the one driving the other car.
You do the sawing of the box in half trick with you inside.
He said he wished the two of you could start over live a normal life.
Jack came out of a bank he just robbed in Pasadena couldn't get his stolen car to start. Battery was dead. He looks over sees Buddy sitting in a burgundy Bonneville goes up offers him a thousand dollars for a jump. Turns out Buddy was casing the same bank and saw the whole thing. Buddy says I'll take the thousand but we're leaving in my car not that piece of shit you come in. They musta robbed fifty banks together.
Ask him his name.
You did work for Emil right.
Where in the hell are we.
Why you brought Glenn into this I'll never know.
How 'bout the score was his idea to begin with.
Longer we hang around down here Jack better chance there is either Glenn's gonna fuck up the whole score or we gonna get busted or both.
He's running for his life he doesn't give a shit about you.
Let's go to Detroit.
Forget about my sister. If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn we're fucked. Tomorrow night at the fights we all get picked up.
Jesus look at that wall. Place almost looks like a prison.
They put a gun on you you'll go back.
You know they gonna set us up.
You ever wear one of these.
They found the safe.
From the looks of those boys the Ripper too.
Karen I've been with the Bureau fifteen years on all kinds of investigations.
I'm a federal marshal and you're under arrest. Put the gun on the table. I mean now.
Quite a mess.
Yeah I'm crimes against persons and property now also sex crimes and child abuse.
Yeah and as you can see home invasions are big too.
This doesn't concern you Foley. Why don't you go on out to the yard have yourself a smoke.
Just like it. Nobody backing down. You back down you pussy. Tell me what you and Buddy doing up here in the cold.
You got two minutes that's all. Make up your mind.
Break and enter shit. Take it and git how it's done. Don't waste any time. That's how you do it.
Not until recently.
Yeah I liked her in that movie about TV
Yeah right. Anyway that scene where Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway get shot. I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go if you have to.
You're sure easy to talk to. I wonder say we met under different circumstances and got to talking say you were in a bar and I came up to you I wonder what would happen.
That's my dad.
Whatta you mean <u>we'll</u> make it an island.
You did.
No. What do you do for a living Gary.
Remember how talkative you were. In the trunk. Adele said you do that when you're nervous.
What were you gonna do with me.
So she did help you.
If you don't one of those guys will.
You just did for Christ sake.
Wait in the car.
You're in civilization now man ease up.
I'd like you to go wait in the car. How's that. Take her with you and put her in back.
You don't wanna be standing there the hacks start asking questions you don't wanna answer.
Sounds high doesn't it.
No. Where do you keep it Dick. I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
Yeah but who's gonna believe Glenn. I mean do <u>you</u> believe Glenn.
Of course not.
It's a little late for me.
I still haven't made up my mind yet.
Jesus Christ what the hell are you doing here. What's going on. Who's upstairs.
Islamic.
Glenn are you trying to steal this car.
For the car for aiding and abetting a prison escape and conspiring to do whatever you came here for.
Watch the road boy. I like this Town Car. We can cruise the man's neighbourhood without getting the police or private security people on our ass.
So you still haven't said how you wanna do it.
Don't matter. I let the monster out you gonna do what it wants.
Can't. I gotta drive out to Glades then I'm meeting Ray Nicolet at ten.
Technically. They're separated.
He's about to.
You know you can always step in work with me full-time as one of my investigators.
He doesn't even look like that.
You like the wild ones don't you. Tillman Nicolet and now Foley. You know I've always said there's a thin line between the cowboy cops and the armed robbers all those guys that love to pack.
A'ight this time we gotta get the motherfuckin' trajectory right Okay on three: One Two
The one that slept in my mouth last night.
Shit he's puking on my feet.
Cock-suckin' right I do. In the gun lockers.
I don't mean how'd you do the paperwork I mean how the hell did you do it without letting me in on it.
Nah you go on.
Upset. Why should I be upset.
So what are you saying.
How come you're not pukin'.
I d-don't think Japs ought'a be allowed to p-play baseball.
Don't get smart with me son.
Good luck over there McCawley. I admire your decision.
Our doctor's gone too.
Oh this is Betty.
You waited til tonight to tell me.
I called my folks then Colonel Doolittle. The Colonel sent a man to pick me up. They wanted to debrief me. I told the Colonel I needed to see somebody first and he had a supply flight heading out in an hour. I've done a lot of talking. You haven't said anything.
Rafe No. You forgive me.
We have achieved complete surprise. The first wave is returning the second is attacking now and we have lost only a few planes. We can launch a third wave Admiral.
The Chinese are sending out search parties to try to find the crews before the Jap patrols do if any of the planes make it.
You have something to say Yamamoto.
What's Peggy Sue going to do at your lodge meeting.
Do you have to wear that hat.
I feel ridiculous. Maybe I should go home and change.
Oh it's not so bad. I have two wonderful kids my own business. Still knowing what I know now if I had the chance to do it all over again I'd sure do things a lot differently.
I don't get it.
Lucky lady. Hi.
I'm still waiting for the mortgage check.
You got a Tab.
Charlie. Am I dead.
Oh yeah.
Want me to drive you home later.
Right. I promised my mother.
I'm fine Peggy Sue. And how are you. Are we talking on the phone. Are we pen pals.
I'm sorry Charlie.
Charlie. I just had the strangest dream.
What're you doing here.
What were You doing there. You never told me you were singing with an R and B group.
I'd forgotten how much music meant to you.
I've got to go now.
But I love you. I'll love you forever.
It couldn't be me. I hardly knew him.
You were terrific. And I kept trying to push you away but you wouldn't give up.
Are you for real.
Terry slow down.
Terry. Slow down.
Fine. ) Grandma would you teach me how to make strudel.
Right now you're just browsing through time. Choose the things you'll be proud of. The things that Last.
I was impressed with what you said in English class today.
Maybe you're confusing his life with his work.
Yeah. I'm surprised. It's really old Travels well though. You know the world looks a lot better from up here.
You think so.
I want to help with the family finances. I want you to buy some stocks. And gold. By 1980 gold is going to be worth eight hundred dollars an ounce. Then you sell.
Oh boy that's another thing that's going to change. Who's going to think for us. Our husbands. You know you treat Mom like a maid. It's not entirely your fault. Those were the attitudes in the fifties and that's the way you raised me. But give Nancy a break encourage her to go to art school.
I wanted to apologize for this morning.
This morning was good.
It's the darndest thing. Ed knew what they were immediately. As a matter of fact he said he's got a product like that in development right now.
Chanel Number Five. That always reminds me of home.
Sort of.
What about.
What happened to you.
I had a dream that Grandma died.
I'm sorry Mom. I'll call Grandma back and apologize.
I don't feel very festive.
What. When did it happen. Your dad and I always expected you two to get married.
I'm sorry about that. I really want us to be closer. I have enough unresolved relationships in my life.
I know you are but you have to stop. I couldn't tell you before I didn't know if I should. But you have to stop before you hurt yourself.
I have to talk to you. It's very important.
Listen you've gotta keep this a secret. You can't tell a soul. Promise.
Okay. I promise.
Come on Richard I'm serious.
I'm trying. I'll see you tomorrow.
There are major fortunes to be made here. Leisure time and life—styles.
You don't have to use pig Latin. Nobody could possibly know what we're talking about.
That's what you were talking about yesterday. Everybody does that in the future.
That's terrific. You did it. You really changed the course of your destiny.
Look the best scientific mind in this country is working on your case. May I make a suggestion.
You are completely relaxed. When I count to three you will open your eyes. One two three. We'll start with something easy. What is your name.
I think it has something to do with your birthday. You were rambling. I didn't understand the rest.
Wait. I'll go with you.
That's Renee alright.
I was building a doggy door.
Hey. How was your first day at school.
Your Mom and I loved each other Geoff. Don't ever think that we didn't.
Why not.
You want me to help.
I don't know maybe it depends on what you were like before you
Mom
If MacroSystems wins an energetic young company will be destroyed five thousand Americans will be out of work. Moreover the laws of copyright and anti-trust were enacted to prevent exactly the kind of bullshit Macrosystems is trying to pull.
Yes.
Jesus.
I almost didn't make it to the bathroom Miguel. I almost lost control right in front of everybody.
That's the third time. I better call the office. Would you relax please.
You're leaving the hospital. You're going into the office looking like that. Are you insane.
Hold still. Shit. The goddamn vein's clotted. We have to go the goddamn hospital so they can change the goddamn catheter.
The least you can do is look at me while I'm sticking this shit into your arm. Forget the fucking case one hour a day and give me a little of your time.
Maybe you should think about it.
That's right. We're on the Positive Plan. You don't have a Fatal Disease you have Manageable Illness.
Ready for what baby.
Jesus Christ what happened to you.
New baby.
My lover and I.
PARRTYY.
What.
Then we establish how Wheeler's boys recruited you after law school
I'll look over the Q and A.
Particularly Charles.
Obviously at this time you weren't sick.
No. I didn't.
Yes.
As a homosexual one is often forced to conceal one's sexuality is that right.
Miguel has not been infected. As I said we weren't aware of AIDS then or how it is spread.
Hello.
What's Dr. Gillman say.
All I know is you got through your diagnosis fine like a trooper. But when they fired you you were so devastated Andy I don't expect any of my kids to sit in the back of the bus. Fight for your rights.
He was losing weight. He looked kind of tired sometimes. But he was working so hard Still I felt something was wrong. And I can't believe <u>they're</u> saying they didn't notice anything.
Yes.
Objection.
Andrew Beckett represented your company in a lawsuit in 1990 is that correct.
Let's put it this way Andy: your place in the future of this firm is no longer secure.
What kind of people.
Great.
Yeah .
Two men making love . Now tell me again <u>why</u> is that disgusting.
How did you do that.
I <u>know</u> the difference. That doesn't mean I'm always able to recognize the difference.
 interview every employee support staff associates partners. Did <u>any</u> of them know Andy was sick. <u>How</u> did they know. Did he tell them. Did they notice something was wrong with his appearance. None of this information got to the managing partners. We know that. Make sure everyone else does too And Beckett: I want to know everything about his personal life. Did he frequent those pathetic bars on Camac Street.
 keep them from that area on grounds of relevancy. What Bob.
Oh Lord.
Then where is he. He's not in the hole. We looked.
Why what'd you hear.
What you're afraid.
Just come with me.
But theythey could still be.
There.
Spirits. Anything over 45 proof burns well.
S'matter.
Thought you found his restraints over there. Toward sunset.
Promise me. Swear to me you won't 
No juice looks like it's been laid up for years. But we might be able to adapt 
Sorry. Thought I heard something.
I <u>know</u> what happened he went off on the guy buried him on the hill somewhere and now he's trying to 
Hey. Bein' ballsy with your life now doesn't change what came before it's just stupid.
My first run-in with Riddick. Went for the sweet-spot and missed. They had to leave a piece of the shiv in there. I can feel it sometimes pressing against the cord. So maybe the care and feeding of my nerve-endings is my business.
Hey <u>you're</u> the one who got me out here turned me into a goddamn sled dog. An' now you 'spect me to go back like a <u>whipped</u> dog.
Company's not here is it.
When captain went down you stepped up whether you like it or not. Now they train you for this so 
Owens.
I don't suppose.
Don't stop just slow down. Little more space 'tween us and them.
'Cuz you don't spend half your life in lock-down with a horse-bit in your mouth and not believe. And you surely don't start out in a liquor store trash bin with an umbilical cord wrapped around your neck and not believe. Oh absolutely I believe in God. And I absolutely hate the fucker.
SULEIMAN.
New Mecca.
Think a soul could get lost there. With all those pilgrim-types.
Oh Trash Baby you're gonna regret this.
King Tut's tomb.
You'd cut me loose Boss.
Are you fuckin' kidding me.
Well you got the big gauge.
Such as.
Either way figure it's something you can grab onto.
Sacrifice play. Hack up one body leave it at start of the canyon. Like a bucket of chum.
Don't wanna feed these land-sharks just keep 'em off our scent.
What it's broken.
Don't speak to me in absolutes. The evidence is contestable.
If there's any shooting Dr. Zaius you'll be the first to die. Depend on it.
What's so special about him.
It's a stunt. Humans don't write.
'Dodge was killed in the hunt. What happened to Landon.' I don't know.
Oh Cornelius show some strength.
A toy. It floats on the air. Try it.
Yo.
One pistol twenty-four rounds of ammo. two medical kits. one camera one TX9. We've enough food and water for three days.
No.
Well at least they haven't tried to bite us.
Will he live.
But the quota system's been abolished. You made it. Why can't I.
Dodge he's not like me at all. But he makes sense. Held walk naked into a live volcano if he thought he could learn something no other man knew. I understand why he's here. But youYou're no seeker. You're negative.
If you insist. But I'm not taking any orders 
Always giving orders. Just like every other adult.
I want you to go around the bend and tell those gorillas their leader is my prisoner.
A man Dr. Maximus.
Welldo you acknowledge kinship with any of these creatures.
I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours.
That's exactly what Zira and Cornelius claim. You're talking heresy doctor.
I'm not protecting anybody. That hearing was a farce. What have I done.
We're back at the beginning. I still don't know the why. A planet where apes evolved from men. A world turned wrong side up. A puzzle with one piece missing.
My - name - isn't - Bright Eyes It's Taylor.
Where have you been. Why didn't you come to see me.
Why not.
Dr. Zira you state here that a ship from outer space sank in an inland sea of our eastern desert.
Do you believe him.
Like you I find it difficult.
He doesn't know.
Where the fuck is red platoon. Tell 'em to get their asses up here. What the fuck you doin' back here Elias. Round up your assholes and move 'em up front we're getting chopped to shit.
De fool think he's gonna get it but he ain't known for his thinking.
Come on you can do better than that.
Does he have a metal plate in his head.
I was wrong.
Rhah. What's going on. Rodriguez's hole just got
Yeah. How 'bout you.
You WHAT. Say 'gain.
They don't know shit Barnes and chances are we gonna run into something.
You know what I'm talking about.
The Good Lord works his revenge in strange ways.
Not the only man to meet his Jezebel either.
You wanted to see me sir.
Suppose I hadn't known that immigration inspector. Hadn't put in a good word for you.
Dine and dance tonight. I've got fifty bucks to throw away.
What's the matter.
Immigration Officer.
They might think I was running away from something.
A fellow named Brandon has a penthouse here. He's holding open house. I was up there. Too noisy. Bored.
What did you say his name was.
You're not paying for this. It's quite enough that you let me sit at your table.
Whatever you say.
Do you think I don't.
Go aheadif you want to. It doesn't matter.
There wasn't any plane.
Dance. Tonight.
Cold.
We walked right passed him. He's following us.
It sounds like a fair location. Could you be a little more exact.
I'm in the Hudson Bay Company's store. That man last nightthe one that followed me
If they had any reason to. Why make it tough for themselves. Why go to all that trouble. Here's an open book. Close it. No reason to keep it open. She was a nice girl anyway. And perhaps she didn't kill him on purpose. Perhaps she didn't kill the other one. You never know. Give her the benefit of the doubt. Leave her stay where she is. Close the book. Finis.
Killaine
Well.
That and the fun of it.
Including KillaineI still can't think of you that way.
I guess I'm a little screwy. Maybe I could believe it. Should I try.
Magruder does.
Do you think I was faking.
I'm sorry.
You were a galahad compared to some cops I've known.
But not in the investigation of a major crime I hope.
Youor the Vancouver Police Department.
Good morning Mr. Brandon.
I'd like a few words with you in private.
You guessed it. The card's phony. I got plenty of 'em. Different names different jobs. I work out of San Francisco. Go anywhere do anything. All it takes is the folding.
You hurt my feelings. I ought to raise the price to be a thousand.
If I call the police your price will go down to a minus sign.
I go home and paint the kitchen.
There's two hundred. I'll meet you in an hourwhere we met last night
Who told you my name.
What's this in favor of.
She doesn't look like a girl who would let herself be picked up on a train.
On Miss Mayfield's balcony. beside the chaise I picked it up. Don't ask me why. I ought to know better.
I rather thought so. And before that had you ever seen the gun.
Money is a sort of sixth sense that gives meaning to all the others. Very appealing especially to a poor man.
It could have been an accident.
How could Mitchell. After that act he put on up here is it likely she'd let him in.
I'm afraid they do. Far too often. So long.
Now and then. Mostly just for the fun of it.
You don't throw guests out Brandon.
I'm getting positively haggard. In a couple of years people will be describing me as well preserved.
So much less refined than frizzling them in the chair.
I don't think you locked your door.
With what motive.
Floater.
This make of gun throws a shell backwards high and to the right. The chaise is only about four feet from the wall.
I'll know when I find it.
Exactly. Now I'm the killer. And there's something I don't want you to know. Something that would destroy my comfortable life rob me of my friends my position.
He could have tried. If he was up there in the dark listening he'd know when she came home know when she found Mitchell dead know what she did about it. If she telephoned he'd probably hear that.
Greer and Goble in the Call Building San Francisco. Just like you thoughtTwo murders in two days. Different places different methods different people. Nothing connects them but a telephone number.
Then why not give Miss Mayfield the benefit of the doubt.
I'll investigate Mr. Clarendon's financial position
Perhaps a rich widow would have solved all his problems.
How about Magruder.
The card says so doesn't it.
Am I to interpret that as an order to arrest Miss Mayfield.
I don't know sir.
What are my orders sir.
She's just a girl I met on the train. You don't mind do you.
You shouldn't. You washed me up very thoroughly.
She's very beautiful. She's much younger than I am. And she's rich I hope.
That's not very kind.
You already have the checks darling.
You're very attractive my dear. And you look very unsophisticated.
It's kind of you to see me.
My first husband worked for the BBC. I doubt if anyone there remembers him now just another long dead diligent administrator. He would have been useful in the fight to preserve the BBC's independence during the Suez crisis - one of the few things he was passionate about. I became involved too. I started work on a book that would have been published on the tenth anniversary of Suez. Then he died and I loots the will to write it. By the time I was over his death other books had been published and it wasn't worth going on.
It wasn't much more than a pot boiler.Suez was very important for our generation. I didn't want it to be forgotten. And that's why I'd like to be able to help you. But really Mr. Penfield I looked through my notes before you came they're all very much out of date there's been so much published since. I don't think I'm your man.
It's fine thank you.
So I can go ahead and be a historian without feeling like a poseur.I shall be fulfilling a citizen's duty.
Hello. Anyone for a walk. Tom isn't I can tell you.
Then I began to listen to what the well-off were saying about the poor now — the war had just ended and the language was much the same as it had been before the first Reform Act. A small minority thought that England was really theirs they had made it they owned it. The rest the wage earners were foreigners outsiders intent on wrecking it all.
Not too bad thanks. How have you been.
Working hard on that book I was telling you about. Coming to the meeting.
I think you're exaggerating. And if you aren't you should jolly well change your job.
It makes me weepy just to remember it. So we were fine again and then she got married to Matthew who's a womaniser and a bit of a yob but quite nice really makes TV commercials. What about yours.
In your car
To the Fleet.
She's never written a book in it but she clearly knew a lot.
Delivering gossip and goodwill. It seems we'll both be doing Brighton. Perhaps you should come too.
I've got to be going. I've got a meeting tonight.
The bed's all made up if you want to stay.
I'll tell you another thing. We might have led the world once into the Industrial Revolution now we lead with television commercials. We're the best it's as simple as that. Even the Americans will admit it now the camera work the acting the scripts special effects. We've got the lot. Nearly all the good directors here have ambitions to make serious films. That food you're eating.
Now listen
Ah Susy it
Ever done this before.
Once.
Sure it's a blast but listen I sorta screwed up my knee yesterday
It's a little ceremony we always have at the end of summer. One last speedstar.
So who uh who packed my chute.
You call him right now and tell him to let her go.
Sure you can. You may even like it it's a killer rush. You'll see. Hey don't I show you things Johnny U.
But you're not alone.
You gotta tell me where she is.
No games Bodhi. Pull the cord. Now.
You know less than nothing. If you even knew that you knew nothing at least that would be something but you don't.
How was the beach.
A little mushy.
Yeah I get it. Time to play let's dick the old guys huh Harp.
Yeah. What's your theory.
What you couldn't have just left the thing in your car.
The beaches are always being closed because of waste spills right. And surfers are territorial. They stick mostly to certain breaks. If we can get some hair samples and get a match to a certain beach we'd know which break the Ex-Presidents surf. You buyin' this.
Got it.
The hell are they.
I mean what do you want. What are you doing hanging around here.
I need you to teach me.
Nice place.
Meaning you were expendable.
I I don't know. I can't describe what I'm feeling.
Johnny what's going on. I don't get it did I do something.
Betadyne doesn't hurt.
Never saw him was your basic hit and run.
Well I saw you and
Major looks like there were ten maybe twelve guerrillas. Looks like they took some prisoners from the chopper. Then a different set of track over there.
I knew this man. Green Berets out of Fort Bragg. What the hell were they doing in here. You got any answers for this Dillon.
Because I told you you're the best. I knew you could do it but I couldn't get you in here without a cover story.
What story did you give to Davis.
You saw what.
You lift off in three hours. There's one other thing.
Well I might be going out to dinner.
I like your hat.
The real estate possibilities are endless. Most of the yard we'll just level. I talked to a couple of developers under the table of course and they said 
What I did with those companies was perfectly legal.
The price just went up to ten.
No.
Very good. You're obviously mechanical.
New York.
You like being a hooker Vivian.
What's your name lover.
Good morning.
Where'd you go.
The one I'm buying this week will cost around 150 million.
There see. Now the emblem is right in the middle of the knot.
All right. How much for the week.
Done.
Know what we're gonna do in a little while then. We're gonna call Domino's and have'm deliver a bigass pizza. We're gonna eat it in bed. We're gonna veg' out and watch television.
Yeah it's this box it has pictures sound. You don't have to use your brain at all.
I still don't understand why you only bought one dress.
Good.
No.
I've been with stinking old men who've made me want to puke but I've never had anyone make me feel as dirty as you did tonight.
Can we talk about this. Can you just try to calm down.
I'm not hurt. It doesn't hurt you when somebody pisses on you it just pissed you off.
Not all men hit. And no one is going to hit you anymore.
Stay with me tonight. Not because you're being paid to. Stay with me because you want to.
Vivian
You shouldn't go alone. He might claim that you tried to black mail him.
Bill we're businessmen not the damn mafia. I'll see you in the office. By the way about your car
Come on you can tell me. I sure would like to know where a guy runs into a girl as attractive as this.
That crack is burning a hole in your pocket. There isn't even milk in the fridge. The rent's due. Now come on 
In Beverly Hills.
Kit
You think I fit here where they just about chew your food for you.
You're a guest here.
In fifteen minutes I can teach you everything you need to know to dine with the Queen. First as you pick up the knife you shift your fork to the left hand.
But I always eat like this.
Mr. Harris doesn't check out until tomorrow.
You're not accompanying him to New York.
I bet. A lousy whore and you're the gum in a hundred million dollar deal.
I-would-not-say-such things-if- Iwere-you-
You don't seem excited my little muffin.
You're the Dread Pirate Roberts; admit it.
Hear this now: I will come for you.
Oh Westley darling. Westley why won't you hold me.
Gently.
I got married. I didn't want to. It all happened so fast.
Why is that do you think.
I thought I was going faster.
Finish him finish him. Your way.
He's with the Prince in the Castle. But the castle gate is guarded by thirty men.
No not Vizzini I need the Man in Black 
 where.
You've been mostly dead all day.
Will this do.
You read that wrong. She doesn't marry Humperdinck she marries Westley. I'm just sure of it. After all that Westley did for her if she does not marry him it wouldn't be fair.
Westley's only faking right.
I don't understand.
Ah but how will you capture us. We know the secrets of the Fire Swamp. We can live there quite happily for some time. So whenever you feel like dying feel free to visit.
A technicality that will shortly be remedied. But first things first. To the death.
Who won. How did it end.
Are you the Miracle Max who worked for the King all those years.
I hate waiting. I could give you my word as a Spaniard.
You've done nothing but study swordplay.
I admit it you are better than I am.
Who are you.
Stop doing that. We can all relax it's almost over-
Inhale this but do not touch.
Wait till I get going. Where was I.
He's afraid. Ever since Prince Humperdinck fired him his confidence is shattered.
Bye-bye boys.
Think it'll work.
Wait a minute. This is a very big decision. It might effect the course of my entire life. I'll have to think about it. I'll do it.
Wait. This is Boomerang. This is Boomerang.
All right. Get a hold of yourself. Take a deep breath let it out slowly and tell me who you are.
Go. You have fifty-eight seconds.
Well sir it seems 
What is that. A handkerchief.
Mr. Bialystock 
This is hardly a time for levity. I've discovered a serious error here in the accounts of your last play.
All right. I'll do it. I'll do it.
Nothing. Nothing. Do it. Do it.
Now let's see two thousand dollars. That isn't much. I'm sure I can hide it somewhere. After all the department of internal revenue isn't interested in a show that flopped.
You were saying that under the right circumstances a producer could make more money with a flop than he could with a hit.
What do you mean.
You raised two thousand more than you needed to produce your last play.
What scheme. Your scheme you bloody little genius.
You miserable cowardly wretched little caterpillar. Don't you ever want to become a butterfly. Don't you want to spread your wings and flap your way to glory.
What's the matter Leo. Don't you like Coney Island.
I I love it. I haven't been there since I was a kid. But it's nearly two o'clock. I really should be getting back to Whitehall and Marks.
How do you do. Have you gone mad. A receptionist that can't speak English. What will people say.
Why. Take it when you can get it. Flaunt it baby flaunt it.
Bloom Bloom maybe it's not true.
I vas never a member of the Nazi party. I am not responsible. I only followed orders. Who are you.
I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy 
We swear it.
Always.
Now ve take the two fuse leads attach them to the terminals of the conductor and ve're in business.
Here. You see. This is the slow fuse. It is much wider. It has more resistance more density. Therefore it burns slower.
You mean you had the slow fuse in your pocket all the time and you forgot to put it on.
You Blum go Motel.
Thursday. Thursday. We'll play Thursday. We'll play the Contessa and the chauffeur.
Oh the best one.
The Blue Max
Lorenzo Saint DuBois. But everybody calls me LSD.
We won.
We have reason to believe she came this way might have stopped in this area Did she stop here.
Very early. Dawn.
She didn't call anyone. Even locally.
You didn't spend the whole night with her did you.
I live there. Alone.
Or if she had you say gallantly protecting her you wouldn't be fooled you'd know she was just using you. Wouldn't you.
No. I told you she's confined
What's your interest.
She was seen leaving town in her car. Seen by her very victims I might add.
Sam they don't want to prosecute they just want the money back. It was all in cash
Not even a hunch. Just hope.
I'd really rather not. Please. Can't we just settle this and
Yes.
Forty thousand dollars.
Please.
And you thought she'd come up here to me. If she had what reason would she have for not calling you.
Why not. Sam is she hiding here. Are you two planning to go away with the money.
She'll need both of us.
Where can I stay.
Yes.
Why can't I go out there with you.
Does that mean we can't
No thank you. It's my problem too.
I won't feel satisfied unless I got out there Sam.
Sam if you owned a useless business like this motel one you probably couldn't even sell what would you need to get away to start a new business somewhere else. Forty thousand dollars.
How could we prove Well if he opens a new motel on the new highway say a year from now
Sam.
Where are you going. I don't mean to pry
I'm looking for a private island.
Sometimes when she talks that way to me I'd like to curse her out and leave her forever. Or at least defy her. But I couldn't. She's ill.
Except you.
Why don't you go away.
To a private island like you.
I'd like to but
Then I'm free to go.
Oh.
Norman took a wife.
I suppose you want a cabin.
I'll get your bags.
I'm not saying you shouldn't be contented here I'm just doubting that you are. I think if you saw a chance to get out from under you'd unload this place
Forty thousand dollars.
Did I.
NoI don't want to give any money. Everybody wants moneyI'm not going to give any money.
Why yes to you Mr.Mr. what.
That sounds to me very remarkable.
[Lot of] How many cats you havewhat's the matter rats.
By the way where <U>is</U> your assistant.
Oh just the basement. Some day I intend to build an experimental laboratory down there. It will save me from intrusion.
Take me down there.
It won't do any good. They are a pair of would-be mur- deresses fighting it out.
What is it now.
There's no child here and no dogs either.
I don't think you could have a real affair. You couldn't care for anyone.
You would.
Ouch. Eat. You can do a solo if you don't step on it. I'm going to bow out on you.
Disappoint me. Why what do you mean dear.
Nonsense. She's one of the nicest girls I know.
You wouldn't have said that before you met her.
That's the way I feel about it.
And he will probably demand the life of anyone who agrees with you. Let him think it was his fault He should be along very shortly . . But be very stern before you forgive him especially if it is your fault  While you're waiting for your friend would you like to see some new figures I have downstairs.
We have found immortality you and I. You must not be afraid.
Great. Consider yourself crippled financially. See if you can jar your charming friends loose from enough to eat on.
I'm through clowning. You're all washed up. Get out.
That is none of our business. But you bring me something for the next edition if it's only a recipe for spaghetti.
I wouldn't be trying beloved. I would hang him. And another thing all this gaga about the body disappearing. Eight bodies have been stolen in New York within the last eighteen months. Doesn't it seem more reasonable to hook this up from that angle.
And they never proved anything against him.
I asked you to keep your trap shut.
All right you poor baboon you can guess the rest of it.
Listen stupid could I do anything that would possibly meet with your approval.
Yes she committed suicide yesterday. That's not news. I heard about it last year.
No foolin' any suspect.
Why would I string y'. They were sweeties until a month ago.
Make it snappy Colonel.
Nix Flo he won't let you in and you'll only get me in Dutch.
Yeah. I suppose you people will crucify me for something I didn't do. I didn't. You understand that. I didn't do it. She tried before 
Not even then. The police are the proper people to conduct this affair. Now if you've got any suspicions I'll drive you to the nearest police station.
But the composition as a whole I've tried to keep a sketchy freedom.
I will only be gone about half an hour.
I'd be glad to Mr. Igor. I think I'll have somethin' to tell you soon.
Two: what if I didn't miss.
You did miss 
Why.
Is Rose here.
Nobody.
Why it has just made me ill Buddy. I'm sick. I don't want to eat nothin' I don't and me I got a good appetite that ain't nat'ral for me. I'm ill.
No you can't. And I'll tell you this he scares me. As kind as he is he scares me. You can't fool around with him not with that man. And boy I sure better not try nothin' like that with him again he'll fire me.
There's an evil streak in everybody Rose.
Rose I have a serious favor to ask you.
No. No you're not hurting me. But I think you better quit it.
Rose are you all right. Are you sick or something.
Rose they could stick splinters under my fingernails and I will never say a word. I will never tell them because I love you.
Makin' homes for purple martins huh. We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun.
Of course not.
Son was Rose in your room last night.
What do you think Brother.
But how would you find him.
Well. Well what I mean is you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this Brother it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder.
In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here she didn't go by the hotel.
Now I have a plan about Rose an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble  Brother you ought to hear this.
He had his hand on her titty.
Buddy I'm worried about Rose.
It isn't that she hasn't got any sense Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average maybe quite a bit above average.
Then why does she act so dumb.
It isn't Yankee whisky Daddy it's Scotch.
What sad news. Did her cancer come back.
Yeah I know he was up here. It's pitiful like you say. When he lost Rose it ruined the man it destroyed him totally when he lost Rose.
I am afraid so son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me she had asked him to call me if anything happened.
Well you have knocked me for a hell of a loop old man. A hell of a loop.
I asked you what you think of Rosebud now that she's been here a while.
The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that an army will be following her.
Be kind to her. She loves you so much. In a perfectly proper way of course.
Quarter of twelve.
 I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes 
You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is what are we going to do.
I'd say about three months. Are you satisfied.
Rose isn't oversexed that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us except more so.
Honey he is Mr. Right.
Yes sir.
Rosebird Baby you are the light of my life darlin'. How did we ever get by without you.
How can the buttons stand the pressure.
What have you got in your hair girl.
Yes Mr. Hillyer it was. I I heard strange voices in the night.
Strange voices Rose.
Boy for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again.
I didn't mean to bite him. He was hitting Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and and I bit him accidental.
I mean a human investment Rose we care about you you matter to us. But we have innocent and unformed children in this house and the monkey and dog show has got to stop. Do you hear me.
What's the use there ain't none.
God forbid. You're not sick Rose forget it. Don't get any notions in your head you're not sick.
Tennessee.
Yes Tennessee a lovely state.
Your baby.
All right tell us Rose what makes you think you're pregnant.
It's so Mr. Hillyer.
I don't want to start no fight with you Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit.
She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that Buddy.
What do you want me to tell her Dave.
She looks terrible just awful.
A tenant farm. Are you trying to tell me that girl is a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt.
Illusions Madam.
I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman a woman has got just as much intelligence and self-control as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me.
It must be wonderful to be so smart. I don't see how you do it reading all those books learning all that stuff.
Well I think it's charming Rose. But don't you think ah the skirt is a little tight.
Ohh-hh a little. Oh-h I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me I just know it.
Don't worry honey you'll find something.
How much.
I figure for this information the usual payment times ten.
What and. That's what I got.
Three hundred kilos of White Lady hidden inside a giant bust of Abraham Lincoln. A parade float.
Oh you fuckers. You fucking fuckers. What. What do you want.
You shouldn't litter.
Give a Hoot. Don't Pollute.
We shoulda been there to back you up. We shoulda.
Okay we got one two three Two Caddies and Poe's Mustang.
The booze.
They they shot me.
You know the more weight back there the faster the car goes.
Who said it wa's me hub. Anyway he fell off a ladder. It wasn't really my fault.
What about Jack Daniels. Wasn't he a decorated general in the Civil War.
General Jim Beam then.
There probably is.
He tried to kill us.
You can't be serious.
Well shake a leg. Get these files downstairs And quit listening to your fucking voodoo music.
No. Don't open your mouth. You <U>honestly</U> think you can explain this to my satisfaction.
You're about an inch away from insubordination.
Just 'cause you belong to some fancy-pants club doesn't make you any less a murderer.
Your poison's not gonna make it into the veins of any kids this time.
Second of all the Declaration of Independence was all for liberty and equality but it didn't do anything about slavery did it.
What . Not you too.
I can't believe I'm hearing this
Yeah my arms healed up real good and that's how I wanna keep 'em. That's what I'm trying to tell you.
If it is that's pretty high up on the totem pole. What do you think.
Do tell.
At that close range we won't last long against those Star Destroyers.
But you can't let her get involved now Ben. Vader will destroy her.
You have done well Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue your search for young Skywalker.
What is thy bidding my Master.
They are clear my Master.
Fine. Together again huh.
I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.
Somehow I got the feeling that didn't help us very much.
Leia.
Hey are you awake.
The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that landing platform. This isn't gonna be easy.
Yes.
Lando grab it.
It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.
Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.
We shall double our efforts.
Luke don't talk that way. You have a power II don't understand and could never have.
Yes or no will do.
Like this. Like how. It's your fault - you're to blame. I thought it was the real thing.
He might be. I don't know.
Oh Brad I'm mad.
Weiss.
No don't do that.
A decision had to be made.
Creature of the night.
Fine.
Looks quiet y'know.
I think it's closed.
What's funny.
What.
I always knew you was pretty.
I don't know I was shocked. Why did you do that.
 The legs.
Don't be mad at him He just wants to help.
What're we going to do.
Hey I want ya out instamaticly. I'm sicka lookin' at ya hangin' around like a friggin' spider Go out Live. Do enjoy life.
I can't go out.
Why.
Don't talk like that to him.
Paulie. Stop now.
What.
Then gimme Buddy Shaw He's ranked fifth.
How 'bout for the Cokes.
The Champ stings the slower challenger with jabs at will Balboa blocks eighty percent of the blows with his face Creed doesn't look the best he's ever been but is moving smoothly Creed snaps out a triple combination that backs Balboa into a corner oh a solid hook by Creed a master of fist-men.
Without a doubt this is the most punishing brawl I have ever seen The ringside audience is spotted with blood. This fight should have been stopped rounds ago but Rocky Balboa refuses to fall 
That's it. Completely.
Excuse me.
Absolutely Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor y'know what.
What.
Make your teeth yella 
That doesn't matter You don't really have to be a whore just act like one an' that's it.
Goodnight Rocky.
What.
How old are ya.
More like thirty.
Listen I'm gonna take a steam Did good last night Shoulda seen it.
How 'bout a glass of water.
Yo Benny.
Don't you care what the people will say.
Damn. How's it look.
How you holdin' up kid.
Yeah See the fight last night. Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad.
I don't see no crowd around you neither.
I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror.
Maybe another job is the best thing.
Maybe ya better forget it.
Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool. I'd break his lips.
What's the attraction. I don't see it.
Yo Rock. I made a few phone calls an' thanks to me ya goin' to be a big man Thatta dog.
So where is it then.
Is this paper even good.
So you're not even gonna bother to find out if the rabbit's gettin' framed.
Jesus Eddie is this who I think it is.
What was <u>that</u>.
The rabbit's wife. Wanna tell me what she was doin' with her arms around you.
Yes we talked to Mr. Maroon. He told us the rabbit became quite agitated when you showed him the pictures and said nothing would stand in the way of him getting his wife back. Is that true.
Being caught breaking and entering is not very good advertising for a detective. What were you looking for Mr. Valiant.
They must've taken it off me.
Earl it's me Valiant.
Toon cops worked me over.
So altruistic.
Cause I don't take Acme Dumb Pills. I don't know what you're up to lady but I'm gonna nail you for the Acme murder.
Looks like our goose is cooked our hash is slung our fait is accompli
Lemme guess where you got that from. Tell me somethin' what'd you ever see in that guy anyway.
I got him on loan from Disney.
Maybe. Why.
Meet me at my studio at nine o'clock. If you've got the will maybe we can stop this thing.
You're not too good at this are you R.K.
What the hell are you doin'.
So I hear. Even talkin' to you could get me a rap for aiding and abetting.
My philosophy is if you don't have a sense of humor you're better off dead.
Why you crazy Toon I've been out there riskin' my neck for you.  I come back here and you're singin' and dancin'.
But that's my calling my purpose my raison d'etre. Toons are supposed to make people laugh and believe me those people needed a laugh.
An arsonist and a kidnapper. He just got outta prison.
Here you go kid say hi to Casper for me.
You wanna know. Well since you're so goddamn curious I'll tell ya. One of you Toons killed my brother.
Yeah.
And I'm glad you got your sense of humor back. Think you'll keep it.
Then I defy you stars. JULIET. JULIET. I will hence tonight.
But alas poor Romeo. he is already dead; stabbed with a white wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a love-song; the very pin of his heart cleft with the blind bow-boy's butt-shaft: and is he a man to encounter Tybalt.
Not having that which having makes them short.
Tell me in sadness who is that you love.
A right good marks-man. And she's fair I love.
Content thee gentle cuz content thee. Let him alone; I would not for the wealth of all the town Here in my house do him disparagement: Therefore be patient take no note of him
Uncle 'tis a shame.
My poverty but not my will consents.
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help Do thou but call my resolution wise And with this I'll help it presently.
Rosaline. My ghostly father no; I have forgot that name and that name's woe.
I pray thee chde me not; whom I love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow; the other did not so.
Madam in happy time what day is that.
What. Now. St. Peter's Church and Peter too he shall not make me there a joyful bride.
What daughter are you busy. Need you my help.
No madam. We have culled such necessaries as our behoveful for our state tomorrow. so please you let me now be left alone and let the nurse this night sit up with you. for I am sure you have your hands full in all this so sudden business.
Goodnight.
Good pilgrim you do wrong your hand too much Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
Then move not while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips by yours my sin is purged.
'Tis but thy name that is my enemy; Thou art thyself though not a Montague. What's Montague. it is nor hand nor foot Nor arm nor face nor any other part Belonging to a man. O be some other name. What's in a name. that which we call a rose By any other word would smell as sweet; So Romeo would were he not Romeo call'd Retain that dear perfection which he owes Without that title. O Romeo doff thy name And for that name which is no part of thee Take all myself.
Do not swear at all; Or if thou wilt swear by thy gracious self Which is the god of my idolatry And I'll believe thee.
A thousand times the worse to want thy light. Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books But love from love toward school with heavy looks.
By the hour of nine.
Come gentle night. Come loving black-browned night give me my Romeo. And when I shall die take him and cut him out into little stars and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun. O I have bought the mansion of love but not possessed and though I am sold not yet enjoyed. O tedious is this day as the night before some festival to an impatient child that hath new robes and may not wear them.
Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nursed.
Well what was yours.
O then I see Queen Mab hath been with you. She is the fairies' midwife and she comes In shape no bigger than an agate-stone On the fore-finger of an alderman Drawn with a team of little atomies Over men's noses as they lie asleep; Her chariot is an empty hazel-nut Her wagoner a small grey-coated gnat And in this state she gallops night by night Through lovers' brains and then they dream of love; O'er lawyers' fingers who straight dream on fees Sometime she driveth o'er a soldier's neck And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats And being thus frighted swears a prayer or two And sleeps again. This is the hag when maids lie on their backs That presses them and learns them first to bear Making them women of good carriage: This is sheThis is she.
Good morrow to you both. What counterfeit did I give you.
A most courteous exposition.
Follow me close. Gentlemen gooday. A word with one of you.
You shall find me apt enough to that sir. And you will give me occasion.
Calm Dishonorable Vile Submission. Thou art my souls hate. Tybalt. You ratcatcher will you walk.
What wouldst thou have with me.
Do you have it.
Do you really think so.
It's under your seat.
Coordinate all you want but make sure whatever you do gets cleared through me. Are we in sync on this Vincent.
Finding this package is a thing easier said than done. We don't even know what it is. What did we steal.
I drive and my name is Larry. Larry from the States.
From Interpol.
I feel as if I've wandered onto the set of Enter The Dragon. Could you teach me to do that.
Nobody's saying they don't.
Check this out. Gregor's a spook or he was one until recently. When he was a spy he lived the life you know a prince in some Eastern Bloc country where nobody had shit and Gregor had everything. Then the wall goes down. No more Cold War. And Gregor is out of a job. No apartment no special stores with Western food and video tapes. I would bet dollars against shit that Gregor liked that phone and he doesn't want to give it up. And I wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant enough to think
I intend to. This phone is wired like no other: it's got an encryption chip and instant sat-a-link recognition it can talk to any computer in any language and make it understand. With my custom hardware and this phone I can trace the target's cell phone signature and follow him anywhere he goes
But would you stake your life that's the question
That fucking figures
I'm sure. But I'm sorry to say that it's too late for trust: we have a serious problem.
He's company.
Bad company
I'm shocked shocked to think that you'd believe him.
I'm in the middle of saving you people a great deal of money the least you could do is have the decency to pay me.
Really.
I've never seen a man who could have taken what he just went through. He's a cop.
What are you gonna do call him up and ask him to give us back our shit.
Eat shit and die slowly
What makes you think we're here to meet you.
Coordinate what.
To see a man about a thing.
I didn't know that you spoke French.
What's the difference.
I just wanted to see something.
You know what you pulled back there that was bullshit.
That there was a gun pointed at me.
Fix it yourself. Why are we even doing this. There's no need to run Christ You're a cop.
I'm going with you.
You see the bullet.
Clearly.
I'm a field agent last of an already extinct breed. I do dark ops.
It's the one thing I've got left to hold onto. Jean-Pierre is one of your closest friends is he not.
And yet you would have killed him to save my life. You have a sense of honor Vincent that I can't even remember anymore. I don't know that I ever even had it to begin with. All I know to do Vincent is to finish my job.
You sure.
A friend. I was telling him about how you always have the latest tapes.
I gotta try and overcharge him he has to moan about the price we settle somewhere in the middle.
I'd like to know what they were doing in my town. Did you get ID off any of them.
Don't spend it all in one place.
He would have won more but he blew it at the end. Didn't know what Cash and Carry was.
Look around you partner. You said yourself you never saw anything like it.
It won't work.
I told Trudy we were coming down this way that's why.
What makes you so sure.
I'm not letting some gangbanger send me to jail. We can't risk it.
I don't know
He would have done it to us right.
He found us he shot herhe killed her
And you're solid on that.
You don't expect us to believe that do you.
Don't have much choice Jesse. You saw to that.
No. Why.
What for.
There's an ATM on Speedwell Avenue.
OK. I love you.
He doesn't slobber he just snores. And I told you we haven'tdone anything in over a year.
A satellite dish.
Can you rely on how much they said you'd get.
You didn't answer my question. Are you saying my word is of no value to you.
And what's that.
Well nothing audible to us. Maybe the lab can pick something up.
Don't you have to be here.
Anything I can help you with.
I have an anniversary coming up thought I'd buy her something special.
Sixty five Jeez Louise.
Have I seen her.
Damn it’s hot in here
Aw now that’s gonna take time to clear.
I'm at a payphone in Vegas. What's up.
Well they really didn't go into any details on the phone but they did ask for you and I figure we should try to help them out as best we can.
Something wrong Jesse.
You walked in here looking like you just ate a shit sandwich.
What's this.
Whatever
Dwayne put the gun down 
You want to see how more unglued I can get. Try me.
Well I don't know 
Anything in it.
But nowhere near three million dollars worth. I would say maybe twenty thousand.
That fire was set. Deliberately. And probably not by anyone found at the scene.
I've waited my whole life for this job but I don't have a shot in hell of getting it. Do you know why.
Little Chang is gonna have to go visit his daddy in jail if you don't cooperate.
Jail. James you better back off. Badge or no badge I'll kick your ass.
So tell me what you know.
San Juan. You must know my good friend Pedro Martinez Hernandez Hector Elizondo.
I don't think so.
Red Dragon. You sure about that.
Would you like me to tell you how your father died.
That's right.
Wait a second. You're Steven Reign. You're big time. You own all them big hotels. What are you doing in Hong Kong.
Don't be messing with me Lee. I will kick your ass. I'll hit you so hard you'll end up in the Ming Dynasty.
That's what I'm talking about. A real Hong Kong night club. You want an Altoid.
Just relax and don't worry about a thing. I'll hook you up in there. You got condoms.
Blend in. I'm two feet taller than everyone here. Where you going.
You're pathetic man. When's the last time you had some fun. When's the last time you took a night off had a date.
You would never understand my life. You're not Chinese.
Carter.
Who.
Don't be talking about my mama. Or my ass.
I thought you'd think it was crazy.
Come on we still got time to order the Kosher meal. Always get the kosher meal they bring it first.
What did you say.
Gimme the binoculars.
No. It's not right.
Snoopy. I love Snoopy.
She's reaching into her panties something is strapped to her leg. Oh Godplease don't let it be a dick.
There's people up here.
Look man I'm sorry. I know you got a thing for her.
As long as you're askingI think you have a pretty good voice.
You've been a good friend James Carter.
Why didn't you tell me you had a bomb in your mouth.
We made it man.
I don't know if the Fu-Cang-Long paid you to get rid of Tan or whether it was a pure vendetta killing but you're off this case. I don't ever want to see you again you got that.
What's going on.
You move well.
The Praying Mantis school in Bejing.
Let him find out on his own. I want the Hong Kong police handling this.
A seeding spends its entire life reaching towards Heaven.
Chin you have been ordered by the Ministry of Public Security to assist the FBI and Secret Service with our investigation to provide us with whatever we need. If you have information it belongs to us.
Who the hell is that.
I know but 
Good job.
He stole my wheel.
This is pathetic.
Beach Boy.
Help me Rhonda.
A little.
I didn't say I didn't. You assumed I didn't.
You're full of shit. Do you understand what I'm saying to you. Full of shit.
What plate.
Stooly.
That is a problem. There is no description of Juntao. No known photograph.
Good God ya'll.
Excuse me.
Oh my god. Griffin.
Way he put it I was the only one he thought could handle it. But you know what the worst thing is.
This whole thing is goin' down tonight. I need to know where the Ambassador is gonna be. The Feds will be keepin' a lid on everything. You thing you can do that.
I'm talking about the girl.
Bottom line: I don't want some Chung King Cop getting his head blown off and turning this operation into a international incident.
Shut up.
What are you talking about.
My daughter.
You have what I asked for.
Bob are you making friends with this man.
So if you're not running and Ike Graham is there to see it then any article he writes has got to have a happy ending right. All we're doing is turning lemon into lemonade.
See you at the wedding.
I'll get the dress.
Tell me why does Maggie need another wedding rehearsal and two days before the wedding. She's already done this.
Nothing but net.
I love his eyes. I just believe they're listening to you.
If she runs then it's a cover story. All true. All accurate.
Look I'll be in there later today. I'll come by and tell you all about it.
Yeah.
Then you'll be my best man.
It's nice that they're still friends.
Well instead of a haircut how about a wash. You know get all that city grit out of it.
Yes. Conviction. Conviction that I'm onto the truth. You're going to do the same thing to poor bastard number four that you did to the last three. You're going to run again. And I'm not leaving until you do.
Really.
My magazine doesn't pay because for stories. It's not what you call ethical.
You've seen the post-its. I've already got more juicy material than I need. Why should I pay you dollar one.
You afraid to try.
Of course.
Tell me. When you get to the altar will you spike the bouquet.
Where did you disappear to.
With the priest you liked them scrambled. With the Dead Head fried. With the bug guy poached. Now it's egg whites only thank you very much.
No that's called not having a mind of your own. What are you doing Maggie. You really want to let that man drag you up Annapuma on your honeymoon. You don't want to climb Annapuma.
About a minute.
I've been making friends with your cat. Is it okay that I'm here.
I know. I think sometimes you just sort of spaz-out with random excess flirtation energy and it just lands on anything male that moves.
No no. I saw eight geese flying in a V.
Thank you. You still think that he was.
How about you're too narcissistic to commit to another human being in a long- term way.
Does it have wheat in it.
When you get back I'll be gone 
You couldn't.
It was my mother's.
At the top of the Empire State Building 
I'm not at the top of the Empire State Building. I'm here.
What was that about up there.
That's what she called him on the show. Because he can't sleep.
And now 2000 women want his number. The guy could be a crackhead a psychopath a flasher a junkie a transvestite a chain-saw murderer or someone really sick like Rick.
Oh. Oh really. Now we're getting down to it.
I'm going to marry Walter. I just have to get this out of my system.
I don't know. I mean what if I never meet him. What if this man is my destiny and I never meet him.
Men never get this movie.
Becky.
Thank you. I love you.
That was nothing compared to this humiliation nothing.
This is a photo of hair.
Becky.
Oh. Like Glenn Close in that movie.
Honey he wasn't right for you.
I know.
Perfect. Sandbag the father.
I mean why did you get married. Was it all fireworks and trumpets and 
The Historical Society wanted this and I never would give it to them 
I notice these things are back in fashion. Oh honey. He's a lovely man Annie.
It is isn't it. You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day you decide to order takeout and it changes your life.
Grace heard it.
Good. How long ago did your wife die.
You don't like the one he was now.
Where's your mom.
Sandy has a girlfriend Clenda She's a weightlifter but it's not like her neck is bigger than her head or anything 
And that's what I'm trying to tell you. What women are looking over okay. Pecs and a cute butt.
Seventy eight.
I don't think it could let a woman pay for dinner.
Great. They'll have a parade in your honor. You'll be Man of the Year in Seattle Magazine. Tira misu.
You'll find out.
Some woman is going to want me to do it to her and I'm not going to know what it is.
What.
Nobody else is going to know it was us.
I forgot to mention. Jed called 
Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I am an SWF What is that.
This is not how you do it. You want this on an English muffin or a bun.
Dad this is amazing. If you play this backwards it says Paul is dead.
I know.
Is that what she used to sing.
I never did. Or the whole idea of an afterlife. But I don't know any more. I have these dreams about your mom and we have long talks about about you and how you are which she sort of knows but I tell her anyway. So what is that. It's sort of an afterlife isn't it.
I'm starting to forget her.
Jonah I'm leaving 
Why is she bringing that bag.
No.
I'm not leaving this room until you say yes.
No.
What about it.
Well
Thanks but we've got plans.
You saw her in the airport and then here.
It'll take him a while to come around. A month ago he called one of those radio call-in shows and told them I needed a wife 
Jenkins ain't no boss. Mean we're gonna let people like Jenkins stay here.
Now wait a minute. Super's the one made the rule. He ain't gonna give you no helper.
You work alone savvy. You can't handle the job I'll find someone who can.
Are you sad. Are we going to church. For your confession.
Can we light the candles now. On the cake.
Forget it. I chop wood for the stove five times a day. Every time I remember. I remember that across the tracks the Anglo miners have hot water in pipes. And bathrooms. Inside.
You are no good to me in jail.
I'm okay. But it's nice to be home.
All right but later. I've got a meeting now.
When.
No.
Sure the standby squad. Stand-by for the funeral.
You mean you're ready to give up.
But honey 
Well you're the organizer. You work out strike strategy and most of the time you're dead right. But when you figure everything the rank-and-file's to do down to the last detail you don't give us anything to think about. You afraid we're too lazy to take initiative.
What are you doing here. Something wrong with Mama.
You You I'd expect it of an Anglo yes but you 
Ramón listen to me I'm in a	jam I had to get a job 
Yeah. First door on the right. It ain't that dirty. Just kinda' filthy is all.
No I don't mind. That's how come I told you about it.
Yeah.
Did you see his hair color.
You like that.
Jesus I look like a raccoon.
How.
That's long enough to get out of town.
Oh. Hi.
What do you want from me Colette.
I don't want anything. Why are you so suspicious.
Ass first into the world.
What.
Is that what you want me to do. Put it all on Jesus. Let him sort it out in the afterlife.
I know a guy.
Jimmy. Everyone calls me Jimmy the Finn.
So why'd you want to see me.
Fuuuuuck
Hey why do you need a gun and a vest anyway.
You ever see Queen Elizabeth sleep.
Can I ask you something.
You don't understand.
Can we talk price.
If you say so.
Just some buddies.
What.
Danny I'm touched.
It's not my place.
Cut the shit Flynne.
This chink have a name.
What. Is it bad.
That's him. He's a lot prettier in person though.
Danny it's really pains me to have to tell you this but do you remember DOMINGO that wetback you helped us put away for trafficking a few months back.
Jimmy.
He's the only one I told.
Come on. Who is it. Domingo's boys.
Again I thank you.
You madam are a heartless wench.
You think that's a good idea.
No. You know what gets old. Being reminded what a loser you are every time you screw up.
What is it drugs.
I'm sending Simpson to take over for you the division is going to Caen you're not coming with us I have something else for you.
You shut up this is the most fucked up mission I ever heard of. Goddamned Ryan fuck the little bastard.
Captain my feet are most uncomfortable. If I'd 'a known we was gonna have to walk all the way to Ramelle I never would 'a volunteered for this here mission.
I'd love to hear it.
Watching.
I'm in my backyard lying in my hammock with my arm around my wife listening for the sound of breaking glass.
Upham.
Pass.
Would they notice and eighty-eight.
He's right Captain it might be kind of dangerous for those flyboys.
Nope.
SHOVES THE NEEDLE into Wade's neck. Thick vein. Pumps the morphine straight to Wade's brain. Motions impatiently to Sarge.
No problem. A pair of deuces. Less. So what. I bluff. It used to tear me apart when I'd get one of my men killed but what was I supposed to do. Break down in front of the ones who were standing there waiting for me to tell them what to do. Of course not so I bluffed and after a while I started to fall for my own bluff. It was great it made everything so much easier. Sarge Is that why your hand's been shaking.
It could be worse. You know the first thing they teach you at O.C.S. Lie to your men.
No I'm not Kaback is honest. Or what about Faulkner. Or that little guy with the glasses.
Captain can I ask you a question.
Sir you know what Ramelle is famous for. Cheese. The rest of the company is going to Caen and we're going to the goddamned cheese capital of France. There is no bright side.
Reiben what's the matter with you. I don't gripe to you. I'm a captain. There's a chain of command. Griping goes one way up only up never down. You gripe to me I gripe to my superior officers. Up get it. I don't gripe to you I don't gripe in front of you. How long you been in the army.
I thought you said we had an hour sir.
Thank you sir.
Don't do that again.
Upham. Good kid smart he was writing a book.
Fine you convince yourself you got a pack full of feathers and goddamned Private James Ryan can carry my fucking gear.
Shit sir.
I usually like surprises.
I'm supposed to be leaving on a fellowship that I worked for my entire life. I don't even care. I met this boy over the summer and I I can't see him because of this I can't talk to him I can't talk to my father about I wore these clothes I thought I thought that if I looked right and if I acted right then someone would talk to me. But I look awful and I feel awful could you could you please talk to me. Be a little decent.
So you refuse to answer my questions.
Why would you stay so long with an operation that is so clearly not a growth enterprise.
It's no problem. I called Mom and Dad in Germany; it's like they were there.
How do you know how to draw the red line anyway.
Why can't you be his uncle and not his playmate.
Gee it's easy.
Please.
Did you sleep with her.
Lloyd listen to me. EVERYTHING has changed. You've had sex. No matter what you might think nothing will ever be the same between you two. You might be sixty. You might be walking down the street and you'll talk to her about something whatever. But what you'll really be thinking is 'We had sex'.
Having taken a few courses at the university this year I have glimpsed our future and all I can say is go back.
They really applauded you today honey.
I love you dad.
Dad.
Dad I'm sorry.
I was irresponsible I should have called.
Dad I'm so sorry. I know this is a bad time.
Do you wanna make things easier on me. Now tell me where you were because this is this is bullshit. You can say anything to me I hope you still know that.
Dad maybe I shouldn't go with all that's happening to you.
You're going.
Dad in a million years I would never give him a pen. What's wrong with having some fun. I like him.
Sweetheart no. Don't be ridiculous.
I swear to god.
You think you know what this money is.
Why are you being so hateful to me. Is this because of Lloyd.
No. I told you everything you lied to me. I would have done anything for you.
Whoah what a day huh.
Busy.
Yeah I have to judge who can drive home and who can't. I have to keep their keys.
Yeah but that's an old story you don't want to hear it.
Twisted.
Yeah.
You think so.
I usually have a break after the dinner service if you want to stop by.
I think that's ageism and that's that's being prejudiced against people because they're old. Maybe their mouths don't work as well as yours.
Yeah.
I don't think I am.
Check your mail tomorrow. I sent you a letter a letter.
I know. Lloyd let's not start putting things on this level.
I feel like a dick. You must think I'm a dick.
No.
Lloyd I love you okay.
Then don't do it.
I love you.
You're freaking out here man.
Why don't I just get your phone number that's usually how it works.
What.
Yeah she is. Good luck.
How ya doing. Is she around.
She's very successful.
What.
Yeah but how come it worked. I mean like what are you.
Maybe we'll come by tomorrow help you clear up or something.
I didn't ask you about the list I asked you your name.
You know what you'd like her.
Oskar please -
Luck.
Yeah what's that.
If you admit to making three then it's four actually. But how.
You don't recognize it. Maybe that's because it's not what I asked for.
Ghetto Police. I'm a policeman now can you believe it.
I work hard for you. I'll continue to work hard for you.
Like this.
The place produces nothing. I shouldn't say that - nothing it produces reaches the Army. That's not all right.
What.
Christmas presents.
No I'm not losing money that's not the point.
What other point is -
I know what you're saying but I don't see the difference.
File a grievance with the Economic Office it's your right.
What is it.
Kill kill kill kill hah hah hah hah
Why aren't you there.
I thought you were going to the mixer.
Finish what my son started.
This is exactly what I don't want.
No it's not.
Ever see NATURAL BORN KILLERS. Well Derek and I have this whole Mickey/Mallory-Woody Harrelson/Juliette Lewis thing going on.
The way I see it. We’ll be arrested. Go to prison. Cash in on the home footage. Secure a book deal. If all goes as planned our trial should coincide with the release of STAB II.
We had to have financing.
I've been trying to reach you but you haven't returned
And an explanation is of course out of the question.
I'm sorry. I don't know what else to say except I'm sorry.
A bloody knife. A ghost mask. Something like that.
And it's sexier in the dark.
Maybe not. But think about the sex. As frustrated as I am
Three hundred people watched. Nobody did anything.
No Gale I'm just getting started. Seeya soon.
I'm okay. PEOPLE magazine won't stop calling but other than that
.we only promote safe rubbered sex.
What do you care. Let 'em have their fun. So what's up.
I'm sorry I'm sorry but I had to. It was too easy.
I just have a hard time with insipid sexist violence.
I'm sorry Sid please. I never should have gone along with Gale. I know I'm stupid. I wish I had some good reason to give you but I'm just stupid. Please Sid don't be mad at me.
I'll relay it. You sure you don't wanna go home.
Thanks for the movie Randy.
Jesus. Hello.
Can I help you.
I don't watch TV and I hate books. Whatta you need.
Listen I'm busy. Nobody has access to those files except studio execs. Can you please go away now.
Well I interviewed Damon once for the show. He was a real obnoxious fuck. Any way the second one Christine Perkins she had a part in Stab 2 didn't she. She was playing CICI.
Jesus Gale what happened.
All I know about movie trilogies is in the third one all bets are off.
Did you request this case.
No they tend to put me on the ones that deal with the business. I grew up here and I know my way around the studios.
Must be exciting Beautiful place beautiful people.
Hmm.
I used to think I had the perfect mom perfect family. Till I found out I was wrong. She had a secret life and I tried to understand that and soon as I thought I had more secrets. I don't' know who my mom was. Sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about my mother for the first time. You know with TV and those movies and what not. God sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about myself for the first time. Like I'm watching my life instead of living in it.
Before you jump to conclusions the man in the picture COTTON WEARY is out of the country on business. His alibi checks out. Seems he's got a TV show in Australia 100% COTTON. It's supposedly the biggest thing down under since Yahoo Serious but that's besides the point.
Is that a threat Detective.
Where are you Dewey.
Why would the police come to you.
It was fucking '60 Minutes II'. I couldn't say no. I could've been the next Diane Sawyer.
It didn't work Dewey. We tried we're different.
Dewey you're not just here because of that second rate K-Mart straight-to-video version of me are you.
The boys said no. She wouldn't give her name. A month later the station gets broken into the file room ransacked.
What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand.
Dewey what the hell is she rambling about now. What's wrong Jen see yourself on one of those USA NETWORK winners you did and realize how badly you suck at acting.
Listen you sick bastard what the fuck do you want.
Ha. Maybe I should join SNL.
Oh come on. Why the hostility.
Gale he's got Dewey.
W-what do you want.
You sick fuck I'm tracing this call as we speak. The police are gonna nail your ass.
Let them try. You'll never find me. I've already gotten away with murder before. For instance Maureen Prescott.
If you lay a hand on him I'll fucking kill you.
You're doing real good. Can't you figure it out. I wanna finish this where it all began. Woodsboro.
Alright I'm here now show your face so we can finish this.
Hello.
Thanks butt wart. You did good.
Duh that's quick.
Dude. What are you doing here.
Tell that to Cotton Weary. You wouldn't believe how easy it was to frame him.
Billy. What the
Close call.
Jesus SHIT.
So
Yeah and when I called no one answered.
I thought you were
NO. Don't believe him.
You bitch where the fuck are you.
Why don't you want to talk to me.
You getting scared.
I'm telling you the truth. I lied before
So you better leave.
Please don't hurt him.
No
Then he dies. Right now.
NOOO.
please
I'm sorry. That's the wrong answer.
You tricked me
What door am I at.
If you'll excuse me ma'am.
Deputy good evening.
Not much story here. Just a bunch of kids cutting loose.
What kind of lead.
Have they found my father.
We got him Sheriff. Billy Loomis.
What's the plan.
About thirty seconds.
During the trial you did all those stories about me. You called me a liar.
I think you falsely identified him. Yes.
Poor Billy-boyfriend. An innocent guy doesn't stand a chance with you.
No you didn't.
No. Oh well I'm hitting the sack. My flight leaves first thing in the morning. Now the expo runs all weekend so I won't be back til Sunday. There's cash on the table and I'll be staying at the Raleigh Hilton
Besides  Takes a man to do something like that.
Because he's probably dead. His body will come popping out in the last reel somewhere eyes gauged. See the police are always off track with this shit if they'd watch PROM NIGHT they'd save time. There's formula to it. A very simple one. Everyone's always a suspect the father the principal the town derelict
Why are they doing this.
Why are you doing this.
The official term is psychotic.
No way.
Tell your mom I said thanks.
It's past seven.
You can't prove a rumor. That's why it's a rumor.
And you believe it.
You know if I were accused of carving up two people I'd take the opportunity to skip school.
That's mature.
I got it. Tatum get me a beer. They're in the fridge in the garage.
He cuts off the skin if his fingertips. That's why we can't find a single usable print in the apartment. He's been doing it for quite a while. Keeps cutting before the papillary line can grow back.
You don't. It goes to court now.
What do you think.
Announcing what.
Hey so gluttony is one of the seven deadly sins. But this was a fat guy. The killer may have felt this was the just best way to torture him. And writing on the walls happens all the time. It's like the fashionable thing to do.
Well there he sits. It's not supposed to make sense.
Who tied her down. You or him.
What do you mean.
What's so exciting.
What time is it.
I I doubt I enjoyed it any more than Detective Mills would enjoy some time alone with me in a room without windows. Isn't that true. How happy would it make you to hurt me with impunity.
Now I wouldn't do something like that Johnny. I like you. I like you a lot.
I wish I could have been a normal man like you. I wish I could have a simple life.
Here he comes.
This is his stuff. I've been out in the cold all day.
It's too soon for him.
All television does is teach children that it's really cool to be stupid and eat candy bars all day.
The sins were used in medieval sermons. There were seven cardinal virtues and then seven deadly sins created as a learning tool because they distract from true worship.
Nothing.
It doesn't fit. He doesn't want us to help him stop.
You meant what you said to Mrs. Gould didn't you. About catching this guy. You really want to believe that don't you.
We put it in a nice neat pile and file it away on the slim chance it's ever needed in a courtroom. It's like collecting diamonds on a desert island. You keep them just in case you ever get rescued but it's a pretty big ocean out there.
He doesn't have the desire somehow. Our killer seems to have more purpose. More purpose than Victor could ever conceive of.
Yes. They were there so it must be.
Never in my twenty-four years knock on wood. I've only ever taken my gun out five times with the actual intention of using it. Never fired it though. Not once. You.
We have to divorce ourselves from emotions here. No matter how hard it is we have to stay focused on the details.
They pay cops for the inside scoop and they pay well.
I'm sick of sitting around waiting for him to kill again.
If you want to know who's been reading Paradise Lost Purgatory and say The Life and Time of Charlie Manson the Bureau's computer will tell you. It might give us a name.
That is.
By the time we clear a warrant someone else is going to be dead.
Where's the victory.
I'm sorry about this Mrs. Gould. I really am.
It's nice to meet you. My husband has told me a lot about you except your first name.
I hear you and Mills were high school sweethearts.
Perfect example.
Talk to him about it. He'll understand if you tell him how you feel.
Crime of passion.
It was I tell you.
It's all rightCharlie let's move outside.
Ethan you an' Martin are hereby appointed civilian scouts without payCharlie hightail it to head- quarters an' spread the word
Got a warrant.
I didn't give any order to fire.
You tell your pa a company of Rangers all fourteen of 'em fully armed an' equipped will be in the field by daylightheadin' for the south end of the Malapai. If he can catch up with us well an' good
Leggo my armYou look mangier 'n ever.
Well the reward still stands
Talk.
Me neitherBut this buck claimed he was a big war chief with the Nawyecky Comanches.
Keep talking.
He's agreed to take you on and share the increase from my herd while I'm goneI'll be pushin' on tomorrow
All rightI ain't got no kin I'm goin' to keep lookin' that's all.
That's the way to train 'em. Looks like Mrs. Pauley's goin' to make you a fine beautiful wife
Ethan quit it.
Why didn't he make his move back there.
They'll be back
Livin' with Comanches ain't bein' alive
Was your niece about their age.
I got your boy killed.
You talk like a feller might just as leave run around nekkid
Might at least have left me my pants.
Futterman.He's got a little tradin' post on the South Fork o' the BrazosLaurie I just got to get me a good horse. Think yer pa would
Oh the muse we're still having our differences. You know how it is with women.
Hey the fuse.
I'll do it myself.
Is everything alright. Aren't you feeling well.
Not a book fair. I was signing autographs in a department store.
Who was that.
So did you sleep good.
This house the whole damned area around here is one mass grave Now you might call me crazy but there is something negative about the place.
Oh Ellen. My sweet Ellen Of course I knew.
How did you get me out of there.
Ellen.
You did not like the speech.
The title won't do.
Really.
Do you know that house.
What do you want Kit.
My Massacre at Paris is complete.
We will all be put in the clink.
There is no dog in the first scene Will Kempe thank you. How goes it Will.
Aye now and again but what of it. I have lost my gift.
It is like trying to a pick a lock with a wet herring.
Will it restore my gift.
Gentlemen. Thank you. You are welcome.
Two weeks three at the most Aaaagh. For pity's sake.
And his ears.
Romeo and Ethel the Pirate's Daughter.
It is all locked safe in here
Aphrodite Baggot who does it behind the Dog and Trumpet.
Henslowe you have no soul so how can you understand the emptiness that seeks a soulmate.
Well I am a dead man and buggered to boot. My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks my company is playing the inn-yards of England while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece written for my theatre by my writer at my risk when you were green and grateful -
Where are you going.
It is customary to make a little speech on the first day. It does no harm and authors like it.
By God I wish I knew.
I love your early work. Was this the face that launched a thousand ships and burnt the topless towers of Ilium.
Do you think.
Good morrow cousin.
Ay me sad hours seem long. Was that my father that went hence so fast.
Two hours at prayer.
Be patient my lord she is dressing.
I liked the dog for laughs.
I am not so well-born.
As a nurse.
He sees himself in me. Romeo Montague a young man of Verona.
As stories must when love's deniedwith tears and a journey. Those whom God has joined in marriage not even I can put asunder.
Fifty shillings. Pounds.
I am Master Shakespeare.
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
She will breed. If she do not send her back.
I like it when they cut heads off. And the daughter mutilated with knives.
The same alas.
I must. Look how pale the window.
No the morning rooster woke me.
You never spoke so well of him.
It was we ourselves did that. And for my life to come I would not have it otherwise.
My lord.
Do you understand me.
And her lips.
She sings too.
Is there a man.
No.
He's still here.
You call them if you want.
Dig the pit I don't know.
No not that.
After you drink to love and happiness forever.
I don't know.
Nothing.
You looking for me.
They know.
You old devil. Well anyway as you can see we're leaving.
It's very kind of you to offer but 
But there's no 
That's it then.
Sorry to waste your time.
Just one thing.
Good. Well you've seen the flat.
Well she had problems 
It was you Juliet it was you 
His car's still there.
Who.
Hello. Hello.
Don't know. No one said anything. ALEX Rendered speechless with desire. I recall that feeling from the days when I had such a thing.
Is this the same stuff you made last week.
It tastes different.
I don't see the point in that.
He can't stay up there.
What are you doing here.
We have to talk.
Where he can't get it.
It's about me and David.
You mustn't take it so badly.
Can you afford this place.
Yes.
Look it's a fairly straightforward question. You're either divorced or you're not.
It's just that you strike me as a man trapped in a crisis of emotional direction afflicted by a realization that the partner of your dreams is quite simply just that.
I'm sorry.
Two hundred pounds.
Visitors. Some friends maybe. Someone you talked to.
I thought you'd gone to work.
Oh don't be so coy dear. You're going to Rio.
Here.
Eh 
I'm not sure 
Yes sir.
Hello.
Would you like to come in.
I see.
A certain weakness.
You know about it.
Do you think you have a good memory for faces.
Like recognizing criminals by their crimes.
You can tell by the intonation.
That's George.
That's okay too.
 is that what this is all about.
Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it that's a beautiful thing he's doing some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks 
I'll be right back it's just that this girl is a different girl she has attacks.
Yeah I think so.
I know.
You're very rude if you don't come back 
 I like myself far too much far too much.
 Anyway.
I hope she's all right.
I mean it or I wouldn't say it.
Comb my hair out later honey.
You know what I'm talking about.
I guess so.
You live a phony cheap cop-out existence.
Right.
You're late we're all backed up and you're supposed to go to Buffums.
Oh fuck Norman.
You're late George.
 Listen I'm supposed to take Jill to El Cholo tonight. She's really going to be pissed if I don't.
No thanks.
It's hot in here.
Bernstein seemed to think I hated men.
I just have to do one little thing.
Hey I don't tell.
Baby
You did I know you did.
No. Don't. Please.
 what guy.
He still having parties.
Am I entertaining you.
 sure.
Mmmm 
Well of course. Who loves a big fanny on a man.
If you knew how many times I wanted to hear you say that
I've got to I've got to tell him where I am.
Wanda
You were supposed to handle that bitch she's always asking for you and she was furious you weren't here.
I'm busy man.
If I have to touch her again I'll throw up.
 White ladies.
 oh sweetheart
I don't know every once in a while I just get the feeling something awful's going to happen.
They're dumb somebody I don't know
Fine. How are you.
Hey baby what's happening.
Yeah.
Go where.
Oh great listen baby I gotta get back okay.
George.
Right now.
Where's your car.
Maybe I should get a dog no it would just shit all over the house and I'd never clean it up.
Television or movies.
 well aren't you 
Bullshit.
I didn't want him meeting me here.
Yes.
I just want to know that's all.
Did you.
You need a cut.
But what.
Thank you.
They're not.
When.
I wish my son knew what he wanted to do.
It's nerve wracking sometimes women can get you very upset.
 yeah.
This really ought to be layered
Look Lester are you unhappy with me about something.
Well what.
Godammit George
I wanna hear about it.
What can I say.
I'm not anti-Establishment.
Have a drink.
Hell of a way to treat a business partner that's all I can say.
Yes I do.
Oh by the way I think you oughta know Lorna thinks she's got the clap.

The man from Sloan's is coming. I called you about it.
I called to tell you I was sending one over but the line was busy you're always on the phone.
You're lying about one thing Lester.
Jill Haynes Jill Haynes I've told you about Jill a hundred times Lester you never remember anything I say.
Jackie Shawn.
Hi Leonard.
Oh honey don't be totally naive.
Jill you're a real sweetie pie. You really are. You're sure you don't mind.
You're really a love you sure.
Five times a day.
Well there was this one time 
 I was in the kitchen doing the dishes and George was out in Long Beach doing a show
What did you do.
I'm terribly sorry.
Two weeks from tomorrow.
 I'll get in the back 
What did you say your name was sweetheart.
Everything okay son.
Call me Les.
You don't. Well what's your favorite food then.
Who's Tony.
Tony's the little boy who lives in my mouth.
I don't know.
Yeah I guess so. Anyway there's hardly anybody to play with around here.
The loser has to keep American clean how's that.
Well all right. But really don't make a sound.
Danny.
Danny come here.
No.
Oh
Because he hides.
Sure.
haven't I seen you somewhere before.
Yes sir. I have a wife and eh two daughters sir.
A nigger.
It's Grady Mr. Torrance. Delbert Grady.
Your wife appears to be stronger than we imagined Mr. Torrance. Somewhat more resourceful she seems to have got the better of you.
Mrs. Torrance your husband introduced you as Winifred. Now are you a Winnie or a Freddie.
I'm the kind of man likes to know who's buying their drinks Lloyd.
Boy we must be really high up. The air feels so different.
Well something'll come. It's just a matter of settling back into the habit of writing every day.
I had I had the most terrible nightmare I ever had. It's the most horrible dream I ever had.
No. It's the truth really. I swear it. Danny told me. He went up into one of the bedrooms the door was open and he saw this crazy woman in the bath-tub. She tried to strangle him.
Yes I did.
And you didn't see anything at all.
I
I just want to go back to my room.
Stay stay away.
Wendy
Give me the bat.
Only in a very general way.
Well
the winters can be fantastically cruel and the basic idea is toto cope with the very costly damage and depreciation which can occur. And this consists mainly of running the boiler heating different parts of the hotel on a daily rotating basis repairing damage as it occurs and doing repairs so that the elements can't get a foothold.
We can accommodate up to three hundred people here very comfortably.
By five o'clock tonight you'll never know anybody was ever here.
Jack is going to take care of the Overlook for this winter. I would like you to take him around the place as soon as we are through.
Fine.
I used to see her every day and she never knew what was going to happen to her and neither did I. I mean I know how stupid that sounds but
Rattling. Rustling.
You all right Marty.
There's a saying- so-and-so was better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick. You ever hear that one.
It's just an outward symbol of everything that's inwardly wrong in this town. Not bad huh. I read Sherwood Anderson in college. I can jive that shit all day.
I don't get you.
What is it.
Thanks a million Uncle Al.
I'll bet you a quarter that eyewash stuff was nonprescription. And I'll bet you another quarter he hasn't said anything to Mr. Haller.
There. You see.
BY A VOICE YOU HEAR FROM ON HIGH
LET THY THOUGHTS BE GUIDED
So hi there. I'm Sister Mary Clarence. And you're young Christians. I guess I should assign you this passage. What's good. What were you talking about.
How are you doing.
You are so damn sexy.
You want me to go against a priest. Get excommunicated. You think I'm nuts.
You bastard.
What Vincent. This is me doll. I know you. What did you think you were doing. Running to the cops. Hiding out. No no. You're sorry now aren't you.
Right here. Let the others go they have nothing to do with this.
Oh girls.
This prom is a real drag.
He's so dreamy. He's like a Greek god. He's the cutest guy here.  He's boss. He's fab. He's
Chops.
Two days. An hour or so.
SPRING IS HERE THE SUN WILL SHINE I'LL BE HIS AND HE'LL BE MINE WE'LL LOVE UNTIL THE END OF TIME AND WE'LL NEVER BE LONELY ANYMORE
BUT THEN CAME AN ANGEL WHO WHISPERED THESE WORDS
I knew that.
Wet behind the ears.
Right right cross with the left spin and turn.
Come on we're late.
I I brought you something.
No you don't understand I don't want to get out. I want to get in.
Those people are wonderful. Why don't we ever see them in church.
What was all that. Who was that man. Why would he shoot at us.
Mary Robert I've watched you. You never really sing. You whisper. Nothing comes out.
Are you leaving us.
The Council of Cardinals. I'm so nervous. What if I forget the words.
BUT THE LORD CAME TO ME
Your name.
What.
Cool. Is there a menu. Or buffet.
The vow of obedience.
A what.
This shall be your cell Mary Clarence.
Yeah.
You are correct. Sometimes prayer alone cannot help a situation. Such as your own for example. How do you feel about physical labor.
Through blasphemy. You have corrupted the entire choir.
But wait a minute
From Vince. What a guy. Doo-lang doo- lang.
He didn't do you a favor.
What if I was Vince. You'd be dead right now. What are you doing giving interviews on TV.
Vince knows you're here.
Hail Mary.
Oh-huh.
He's so damn cocky. This is different.
Not totally.
Right.
I figured if you were gonna then I wouldn't have to.
A sweater.
Well I don't care who she is. We can't sing without her.
She's a nun Vince.
An honor gentlemen. In time I will need every detail of the three murderings you've had but for now I ask only if you have any theory at all as to who the killer might be.
What are you spying on.
Your superiors are two days away.
No. You will not run me out. No one will believe a word of what you say.
I have everything last testaments birth certificates death certificates deeds.
May we look at them now.
Damn damn damn
Perhaps I could assist in finding them.
Just so. Granted. And so you take your experimentations to Sleepy Hollow and catch the murderer who has tainted the place. Bring him here to face our good justice. Will you do this for me.
And now Jonathan Masbath.
I deserve to help you. Don't you see how much this means. My father he he was a good man
All I saw was their lantern.
Only the heirs were killed. Proof that the Horseman slaughters by assignment.
I was getting worried. Who was it.
Lady Van Tassel.
There are no other doors. This is as far as she could have gone.
What now.
How are you.
The massive fellow Brom. For someone you call friend he misplaces a good portion of jealousy.
You do not disturb me. Please stay. Having trouble sleeping.
Oh you are hopeless. May I keep it at least.
I have misjudged you I think. I did not imagine you were so cruel.
What are you on about.
What.
She died. Her lungs were diseased two years ago. What is this about.
And what did he say.
Quickly close it.
There was not much blood was there.
The Lenape who lived in these woods do you know him. The Redman. I should tell you he has been murdered.
Father saw you die.
Go home.
Thank ye.
Well I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night.
All right then.
Thank ye.
Hey Jerry how it's goin'. Good to see you. Been a long time.
I'll see you Bill.
Can I help you.
You have any biscuits for sale.
How much you want fer 'em. I'll get some of them I reckon.
Doyle you're awful. You shouldn't be that way.
Ain't that the sweetest thing. What am I supposed to do about supper with you traipsin' around with that fag.
I thought I told everybody to get out of my house. That includes cocksuckers and retards. Get off your asses and go.
Well honey I don't guess I give a shit. I ain't here half the time anyway. If you want a retard livin' in the garage I don't guess I care. I've got a good tool box and socket set out there I don't want stol'd. I guess I could take it home with me.
I know Albert. We're friends.
You like that Vaughan.
It's not your house Doyle it's Linda's.
This and that. Toothpaste and whatnot.
Yeah. What you doin' by here.
Did you want to play ball with us.
Who did you kill.
Maybe they needed it.
You ort not to talk that way. You're just a boy.
I reckon if you want me to. I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.
I'm gettin' tired of readin' for a while.
You threw it in a trash barrel.
I'll play ball with ye. I reckon if neither one of us is no count it won't make no difference.
We'll be on teams me and you.
No sir.
I aim fer you to have 'em.
Don't go home tonight and stay with that Doyle. He's got it in for ye tonight. I got me a feelin' too. Feels like to me you ort not be there in that house with him liquored up and mean. Ye mama neither. When you get up from here I want you to go to that feller's house. Your mama's friend. I want you to give me your word on it.
Karl now listen there's gonna be a party tonight here at the house. Doyle's invited his music-playin' buddies over to make a bunch of racket out on the patio.
He's lyin' Mama. He ain't gonna do better.
I'm ye boy.
Yeah.
Hey Vaughan. How are you Karl.
Well it is nearly breakfast time anyway. I can't go to sleep. I have to be at work in three hours. You know how it is when you just sleep an hour or two you feel worse than if you hadn't slept at all.
Mustard's good on 'em to me.
Frank he went off too. He ain't gonna be in there when you get indoors.
I's horned and raised here up till I's twelve year old.
Yes sir.
Not funny ha ha funny queer.
Well that's a very offensive way to put it. You shouldn't say that. You were taught that weren't you.
I was thinkin' I could use me another helpin' of these potaters.
Oh. How about before that.
That dern Doyle is in a bad way again with that drinkin' and bein' mean to folks. Will you give me your word you'll do it.
What about you Karl. Do you want to stay here.
Are you sure it's safe to let him around that guy.
Frank's just crazy about him. He likes the way he talks. He helped him carry home the clean laundry.
I don't know why you're so weirded out this is not San Quentin it's just a nuthouse. Most of these people don't even know where they are they're not gonna hurt you.
How am I going to conduct an interview if I can't ask him any questions.
Where will he go.
You mean about y'all bein' together in that way.
Yes.
It's just a summer job. Something to help pay the bills while I finish my dissertation.
What happened.
Are you closed.
You run out of Schimmelpennincks.
That's right. More than four thousand pictures of the same place. The corner of 3rd Street and Seventh Avenue at eight o'clock in the morning. Four thousand straight days in all kinds of weather. That's why I can never take a vacation. I've got to be in my spot every morning. Every morning in the same spot at the same time.
It's kind of overwhelming.
So what brings you to a dive like this.
He's crazy.
So what did he say when he called.
Fine. Or it was until a couple of days ago. A guy from The New York Times called and asked me to write a Christmas story. They want to publish it on Christmas Day.
Anything good.
Every word.
She probably died.
I guess so. I never thought of it that way.
It was a good deed Auggie. It was a nice thing you did for her.
Anything for art eh Paul.
I don't want to talk about it. If you really want to know. I lost it. And I'm not sorry I did. That eye was cursed Auggie and it never gave me nothing but grief.
And you think it looks better to go around dressed up like Captain Hook.
Stop it already. Just stop all this crap right now. Was that your idea to call her Felicity.
You've suckered me before darling remember. Why should I believe you now.
You're conning me sweetheart. I ain't responsible for no baby.
Then why do you think I married Frank. I was already pregnant and I didn't have much time. Say what you like but at least he gave my kid a name.
I thought I could handle it. I didn't want to bug you. I thought I could handle it on my own but I couldn't. She's in real bad Auggie.
That I wasn't bullshitting you sweetheart. At least you'll know I've been telling the truth.
Still you can't just write her off.
For keeps.
I should stop smoking these damn things is what I should do. The fuckers are going to kill me one day.
No it's five thousand dollars.
And why the hell would you give me money.
Does it hurt.
And these.
He goes to John Jay High School in Brooklyn.
And.
I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
Once you look at it you're going to want to buy it from me. That's guaranteed. And that's the price: five bucks. So if you're not willing to spring for it you might as well not bother to look. It'll just tear you up inside and make you miserable.
And have you mended them.
Well you and Junior have the same name too don't you.
Paul. Rashid. Thomas. Which one is it.
Okay joke about it. I don't give a shit.
Watch out man. You'll get yourself killed like that.
No wait. You can't just walk off. You saved my life.
That's all right. If I think of something I'll send my butler over to tell you.
Come on. At least let me buy you a cup of coffee.
Mostly what.
Of course. Where else.
That's where the what comes in.
Except that there's no bed is there. And no breakfast either.
I wanted to give you this as a token of my appreciation.
What time did you get to bed last night.
Once a story gets hold of you it's hard to let go. Besides I'm making up for lost time.
That's logical. And if you don't sleep you don't need a bed. Saves you money too. So what's this story you're working on anyway.
Is it yours.
So you're saying it wasn't like that at all.
Seven acres. I'm wonderin' what you'd pay for 'em. Just curious is all.
Second question. What did Ole Jurgensen pay you per acre.
Now the sheriff believed that the D-6 battery in Carl's well was Carl's own spare. Even though it was too large f
I told myself that was good. That it made our friendship special. And didn't mean she was ashamed of it. Necessarily.
Your friends would. Your dad would kill me with a machete.
I couldn't say anything. I just stood there hating her.
I did. But the jury won't s
Your father fought at Belleau Wood it took him years to get over it. Nightmares tears b
They were Japanese-American boys yes sir.
And the next one.
Well the freighter. The twine. The blood. The knife. The cup. The watch. The second battery. The phantom lantern. The fishing gaff. The cracked gunnel. The skull wound. The blond hair. That's <u>eleven</u> things
You said three minutes.
He figures a perfectly good lantern could get banged around up there. So he climbs up. To cut it down.
Maybe Carl picks up something about the freighter on his radio which is now working. Same report Milholland heard. And <u>that</u> makes him get the lantern fast. Before the freighter's wake can bang it around.
If I whistle. Those boys'll see you and come runnin'. <u>You're</u> the story today.
Naw I had that around for a while.
I told your wife. Trials aren't always so much about actual truth. As about what folks <u>believe</u> is true. That's sad. And it's real.
Maybe the assailant straightened the cabin. And forgot the cup.
I think you testified <u>all</u> the lights were on. Cabin mast net lights picking lights
Is it possible his head struck the transom or the stern gunnel or the net roller as you were bringing him in.
Operating this winch you'd rarely operated before doing this awkward job of bringing in a drowned man of 235 poundsis it <u>possible</u>. Possible that he struck his head <u>after</u> death. Possible.
She's alright Nels thanks for asking.
Well he didn't say 'no' did he. Didn't say no hope existed.
The sweep is just routine not even police action. I'd like to see some sort ofmeaningful evidence
Melton on the double. Up a chain.                  MELTON Sir.   MELTON takes a few easy strides gracefully catches a chain mid- stride and smarts up climbing easily and twice as fast as TODD.   CHURCH SLOAN and RUBRICK crane their necks as the two men struggle upward toward the rafters.   Three quarters of the way up MELTON comes even with TODD then passes him. MEKUM watching smirks.   CHURCH is watching too and he's still not satisfied. His brow is knit something's bothering him.   ANGLE HIGH ABOVE AMONG THE GIRDERS   Stonefaced MELTON is resting an a platform on the chain sixty feet up beneath the girders swaying gently.   His stony gaze is on the next chain where TODD is arriving at a platform on an adjacent chainonly three feet away.   Their eyes meet TODD and MELTON alone together sixty feet up three feet apart. Neither man blinks neither man flinches neither man reveals anything at all   LOW ANGLE LOOKING UP   CHURCH considers the men high above then to MEKUM.                  CHURCH          What aboutspirit.
I suppose you want a tip.
Get lost will you.
I beg your pardon.
Funny. In what way.
You're in Berths 7 and 7A.
Thank you ever so.
Upsy-daisy.
Say Joe - tonight's the night isn't it.
I'll say.
I mean we get paid tonight don't we.
First thing tomorrow we're going to pay everybody a little something on account.
We're not.
First thing tomorrow we're going out to the dog track and put the whole bundle on Greased Lightning.
What are you giving me with the rabbit.
But suppose he loses.
Sam the Bookie. Nothing doing. You're not putting my overcoat on that dog.
But we'll freeze - it's below zero - we'll catch pneumonia.
All the way to Urbana - for a one night stand.
They got the bull-fiddle.
You going to call the police.
Not there - that's the emergency brake.
Now you've done it.
You'd better go fix it.
Look - no butter no pastry and no Sugar.
Fight it.
What's going on here. Daphne - Daphne -
Blow where.
We can get a job with another band. A male band.
What is it young lady. What are you staring at.
Wise guy huh. Trying to louse me up -
Come on you can do better than that. Give him teeth - the whole personality.
I'm engaged.
Why not. He keeps marrying girls all the time.
Look stop treating me like a child. I'm not stupid. I know there's a problem.
Like right after the ceremony.
Then we'll get a quick annulment - he'll make a nice settlement on me - I'll have those alimony checks coming in every month -
Look Jerry - take my advice - forget the whole thing - just keep telling yourself you're a boy.
That's some nerve.
Get me Room 414.
Tell him you're going to elope with him.
If there's anything I can do for you -
I'd better stay here till she goes back to sleep.
Anything wrong.
I'm fine.
I mean your shoulders - and your arms -
I'm a what.
Oh please do come. Don't disappoint us. It'll be such fun. And bring your yacht.
Well I'll be - .  How about that guy.
Sugar dear - let me give you some advice. If I were a girl - and I am - I'd watch my step.
He's going to South America to marry some other girl - that's what they call high finance.
Wanna bet.
My last wife was an acrobatic dancer - you know sort of a contortionist - she could smoke a cigarette while holding it between her toes - Zowie. - but Mama broke it up.
I'll throw up.
Who.
About that roadhouse -
It's not the backs that worry me.
I used to sing with male bands. But I can't afford it any more.
Have you ever been with a male band.
Yeah.
Men.
About the future. You know - like a husband. That's why I'm glad we're going to Florida.
Going to catch yourself a rich bird.
I might as well stay in there. I won't be able to sleep anyway.
Forget it Sugar will you. Forget about saxophone players. You're going to meet a millionaire - a young one.
My fault.
Because usually when people find out who I am they get themselves a wheel chair and a shyster lawyer and sue me for a quarter of a million dollars.
Haven't I seen you somewhere before.
Syncopators - does that mean you play that fast music - jazz.
So do I. as a matter of fact I spent three years at the Sheboygan Conservatory of Music.
Tonight.
Why.
Shell Oil.
And you will come to hear us tonight.
Just regulation size. We have three like this.
Oh you have an upstairs and a downstairs.
Trophies. You know - skeet-shooing dog-breeding water polo
Well of course I'm sure you're a gentleman.
Harmless - how.
You mean - like frigid.
Have you tried.
Not anymore. I was in love once - but I'd rather not talk about it. How about a little cold pheasant.
Oh you couldn't possibly.
Yes. Eight hours later they brought her up by mule - I gave her three transfusions - we had the same blood type - Type O - it was too late.
Is it that hopeless.
Not tomorrow either. You see I have to leave - something unexpected came up - I'm sailing right away.
Oh of course. I understand. At least I think I do.
Good evening sir.
I come to the old lady's funeral.
Hello copper. What brings you down to Florida.
You shave with your spats on.
I come to Grandma's funeral. Here's your admission card.
I should get going.
Are you sure you’re okay.
Say something. Please.
Jeffrey told her last night.
I think I love you mate. How do you know so much about so much.
Remember when we went hiking in the lake district and Amy was wearing that little bikini thing.
Nothing nothing.
Let me guess. Amy presumed I’d forget the rings. I think I’m her least favorite person. You know I am sorry.
So tell me how’s unmarried life.
Kat we must talk. This guy there’s something not quite right.
Six thousand right.
It’s cute.
Have you ever done anything like this before.
I have a friend at the magazine.
The real story is that my mother was a hippie. And a stripper. She was insanely inappropriate with me. She used to wash her lingerie in my bathwater. While I was still in the bath.
Yes.
Of course not. Howhow could it be. Nothing happened.
You’ve always got that to hide behind don’t you. It’s just business.
What. No no. You can’t
What’s he do anyway.
Oh no. He told you.
Dad.
David Lee Morgan. My dog's name is Sounder. That feels better.
You got a pretty house Miss Johnson.
And the other people you told me 'bout they is all colored folk.
Yes mam
:The night in the woods with his father and SOUNDER. The shouting and laughter after the baseball game 
If anybody's to blame it's me I oughta nailed him when I took that shot.
It was too dark Daddy.
From Miss Johnson 
Miss Boatwright 
He eats all right his throat ain't scarred.
No son. We havta wait 'til the holiday comes anyway they won't let womenfolk see their men no time.
Mama. Mama. Miss Boatwright say she gon' help me find where Daddy is.
Here's your food now you go straight to that place if you need to rest go into a church or railroad station but don't go into nobody's house you hear me.
How can you do that. You don't live anywhere near that school.
Thank you Miss Boatwright.
Come I'll take you home.
If they heard me sing like this up North I'd be richer than the man I sharecrop for.
Because he cared so damn much about you and me child.
Rebecca you jest the one I wanta see.
Dammit I'm talkin' to you woman. I gotta farm to think about and I need answers.
No I ain't got no word yet Rebecca. I went to the courthouse yesterday to see 'bout it but they just won't tell me nothin' about what labor camp Nathan was sent to. I'm sorry Rebecca.
I wanta see Nathan.
Stan your friends need you. They are in trouble and you must help them.
Wait you're supposed to tell me how to get Wendy to like me.
Patient 453 here has been fitted with the new v-chip
Why the fuck not.
WHAT DID YOU SAY.
What.
Dude this is seriously lame. I didn't know we were gonna get all dirty and stuff.
Come on Cartman. It's not your fault.
Hey Cartman.
I had to ride my bike here. My behind is killing me.
YOU DO.
Mph rmprmmh rm.
Look Eric it's your little friends.
Oh you poor dear. You've been through so much
Eric that is not appropriate.
Uh except for you Eric. I'm afraid you need to work more on not saying the F word and the N word.
Norwegian Ass Raper.
Ha. Is the Pope Catholic.
Yes I am.
Mrph mprph.
Mrph mprhm mm rmph.
Mph rmph rm rmph rmph rm.
Uhh Bacon.
Be careful dude.
This is terrible. This can't be happening.
Oh my God. THEY killed Kenny.
Whoa. What the hell was that.
Oh brother.
Dude I found the clitoris. I think I can get Wendy to like me now.
WHAT.
As Commander in chief I have ordered our Army to set up defensive positions along the US-Canada border in anticipation of an attack.
What about air strikes.
We have to have air strikes on their military and entertainment centers. It's the only way to ensure that their smut can't reach American soil.
I'm needing lunch.
Uh we're just starting our program
How is the children's progress.
Hello Conan.
Phillip we've been tricked and ambushed by The Conan O'Brian Show.
Fight the power.
Did you hear that Terrance. I farted.
You're quite a purveyor of filth little boy.
Oh I love when you get all biblical Satan. You know exactly how to turn my crank.
Yeah. YEAH Man I'm getting so HOT
I TOLD you not to make that deal Saddam.
Didn't you think it was funny Wendy.
NAZIS.
Oh Sara
Evening.
It's a little late for you to be up.
I don't know. Everything's up in the air at this point no pun intended.
Mac can you hear me. Come in.
Look we gave you what you asked for. It checks out didn't it. What more do you want from us.
Seems like they're cooperating. Hopefully I'll be out of here and on my way very soon.
Yeah I know Bill I came up with the plan remember. Just have those hangar doors open and ready I can take it from there.
So what are we waiting for.
No. But it buys a lot of other things.
Ryan Taylor first mate. Welcome aboard. First time in space.
Supposing we could get out of this room. Is there anything we could do to reach the bridge.
Sure. It complies with all standard construction codes.
Well Dawn I'm an optimist by nature.
A flare. A flare won't do it.
Don't worry about me. There's still a chance I can issue a distress signal.
What do you mean. What happened.
Congratulations on yourrecent award.
How is it going to be different from this. Go see some boring footprint under glass.
You're Delbert Miles. You have more clout than some whacked out pilot. Talk to him.
Mac what about the suit compartments on this level. Can they be accessed.
Heh heh heh.
How do you know you don't even speak Latin.
Sure Sid.
Only problem is you didn't put his lights out you just got him mad. Then he took it out on poor Faz God rest his soul. Theo patches out.
Yeah and make it extra muddy I didn't sleep a zee last night. Sheila fills a cup. Buzz lifts it to his mouth his hands trembling.
You look like you're something on the lanes.
Ten thousand to one but you pegged it. The toughest shot on the last frame.
Orange whip nectar of the bowling gods. Thanks sweetie. Millie turns the tray so that Buzz takes the untainted whip. Theo takes the other glass.
Who gave it to you.
You're a bullshit artist that's what you are. You got no right to be here. Theo yanks the trophy away from Buzz.
It's the next level the next dimension the small ball.
I was beaten on a shot named after my own dad. The moment passes. Theo turns and climbs into his car. He looks up at Buzz.
We ain't married no more.
What about bowling.
He's the guy Buzz.
He's not the guy Millie. Just whip the whips.
Son.
It depends.
Buzz Fazeli.
Junior's a problem child. He has a thing about -
Weird comes into alleys and doesn't bowl.
Nobody sticks a finger into a bowling ball in this town without Miles Kastle knowing about it. You don't mind if I have a word with Theo do you bunny. Kastle takes Theo by the elbow and pulls him away.
Line up where you want it.
Won't your father help you with that.
Having a legend for a dad isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Everything has it's drawbacks.
Not while I'm in training.
No. Do You.
Unfortunately what he wants is you.
So what about you.
Theo what would you do if you couldn't bowl.
No I'm fascinated.
Plan B is your dad.
I bet you get to meet a lot of eligible bowlers.
No but something's gonna blow in this town. I can feel it.
I'm afraid you'll hurt him.
If he's not dead he'll keep coming back.
Theo Buzz is dead.
I am a professional man.
You should probably hit the road. Go home. This place could get hazardous for your health.
Your time is up busyboy.
They're warm. I can feel the heat on my legs.
I can't see
Wait a minute 
Not everything. Even on earth. Take yeasts.
Don't thank me Dr. Johnson. You weren't my choice. The Pentagon made me take you.
Off the record I don't mind telling you this thing scares the shit out of me.
Or maybe it can't <u>be</u> killed.
 I didn't know it would come to this 
Great okay. Ask him about his weapons.
It's not sucking sir.
Norman get out of there now. Norman.
To the craft. None. Not a scratch.
Right. So you're saying it survived a high speed impact with water without a scratch.
I don't know how it can be chipped but it's chipped.
It could. But the odds of it being any use to us are against it.
Who is that. Where's that coming from.
Are you enjoying yourself Harry because I don't know what the hell you're doing.
What <u>about</u> a crowbar.
Look at this.
Time travel. I always thought it was one of those myths like Santa's reindeer.
Sir about leaving 
Well until we know exactly what it is nobody goes outside understood.
Resetting the sub.
That's quite a secret.
The timing has never seemed quite right.
Wait a minute.
Yeah why.
I can't feel her bones. She's like a sponge.
C'mon Beth. Don't make this personal. He told me himself they were taking us back.
Yeah he <u>told</u> you. Think. What was Barnes doing before they cut that cable loose. He was on the phone. Except that cable is a thousand feet long Norman. They would've broken off communication with us four five minutes before they cleared out.
Beth 
You did didn't you.
You bastard.
We can't. The storm. The waves would toss us around worse than we got down here. And we have four days of decompression when we get up top.
Yes Norman. I did. You're just nervous.
Squids.
Manifested.
You think in the sphere 
What. Wait isn't that dangerous.
What's wrong Norman.
No he isn't.
C'mon what.
Am I lying. Are you sure. Are you absolutely sure I'm lying. Then explain to me about the jellyfish. Earlier. Why did we see jellyfish. Harry doesn't fear jellyfish. You do. They're your fear aren't they.
But 
And the snakes. You want to know about the snakes. You saw one outside earlier didn't you. When you thought I had deserted you you were terrified.
One lonely terrifying sea snake.
That's bullshit.
Don't Beth.
It's your choice. Because it's not safe for you to be awake. To be walking around. To be thinking about things.
Would it work.
All that banging and pounding. I don't know. We should think about making a good first impression.
What are you looking for.
Just in time too.
Why are you looking at me like that.
Don't be defensive.
Go ahead. Ladies first.
C'mon.
Getting anywhere with those.
Thank you. My suit Beth said she fixed it 
Wisconsin.
How do we decode it.
What is it.
It's the squid. Stop it.
I don't think so.
We're never gonna make it.
You know how to work this thing.
Meaning.
It didn't fly here. It <u>arrived</u> here.
Beth and Harry.
What was that sir.
No other equipment. Scientific instruments.
You've heard of me.
You mean a picture.
I don't see anything.
Well he's polite.
I don't know.
How much do you think she's talking about.
Luke's got a point Fear is their greatest defense I doubt if the actual security there is much greater than on Aquilae or Sullust and what there is is most likely directed toward large-scale assault.
Oh so you're a warrior then.
I assure you my intentions weren't bad.
I know your intentions. I probably know much more about you than you realize. In many ways you're a lot like your father. He was an indulgent man but a clever warrior. Now what brings you out here.
How can you store an energy field within you.
I had one but it was taken at the battle of Condawn
But she's a member of The Twelve Families. How can they hold her.
See once you let yourself go you can do it. You'll get it.
You go after the princess. I am an old man and would be of little help. I must try to find the Crystal.
That's no battle kid They're just sitting there.
The plans and specifications to a battle station with enough fire power to destroy an entire system Our only hope in destroying it is to find its weakness which we will determine from the data I stored in Artoo.
You can't. We've come this far. We must find them
You're a good pilot I've learned a lot from you I wish you
You'll get no information from me. You have no authority the council can't hold me.
Let him have it. You're winning anyway. It doesn't make any difference.
Do you freely admit to the charges made against you .
Oh yes sir. Vector .
Let's disregaed rank Everybody hear that . Rank is not an issue here.
I was thinking. Maybe we should get married Carmen.
You weren't thinkingyou were dreaming .
Fleet encourages marriages among flight officers. You'd probably get a promotion out of it.
Who cares .
Poor boy. I'm sorry your parents were so mad.
You talk to Carl .
Do you mean it .
Trajectory indicates it came out of the Arachnid Quarantine Zone.
What .
You were drifting. Flip six three hole. On one got it .
What frequency .
Oh my what's that .
Have you lost you lost your mind . I'd rather take ten lashes in Public Square than see you ruin your life.
You knew the Lieutenant before the war What was he like .
No talking please. I'm going to ask you some questions. Please answer all questions truthfully. We'll know if you don't. Birthplace .
Which do you think is more important courage or confidence .
Wait you two. Dad and I have a surprise for you that will settle this. Can you guess what it is .
You're standing on my H.Q. Lieutenant .
Rodger Young prepare to receice outgoing fire. I'll take the first group.
Let's go.
Inside 4th brigade compound . That's crazy .
The difference lies in the field of civic virtue. A citizen accepts personal responsibility for the safety of the body politic of which he is a member defending it if need be with his life. The civilian does not.
Mister Rasczak .
Good for you. Go find out.
Well my parents are against it and I know it's my choice but I was wondering What would you do if you were me .
Where'd you learn to do that soldier .
Why does V'ger travel to the third planet of the solar system directly ahead.
Kirk-unit <U>why</U> do you not disclose information.
Our data is being prepared.
Enterprise would be unable to function <U>without</U> carbon units.
V'ger is announcing that it has arrived sir that it's ready to deliver the information it was programmed to collect
 You personally are assuming command.
 but I still recommend further simulation study.
Thank you sir. I'm sorry I embar- rassed you.
Granted.
That's precisely the point Captain. We don't know it will do. Moving into the cloud at this time is an unwarranted gamble.
How do you define <U>unwarranted</U> <U>mister</U>.
Why bring us inside. Not to destroy us; they could have done that outside.
Captain we can't be sure that our move will actually save Earth.
Mr. Decker I will contact you every five minutes. Otherwise inform Mr. Scott immediately.
Exactly. And you did have a 'relationship' with Lieutenant Ilia Commander.
Hello Ilia.
I now the Captain meant no person- al insult.
Mr. Spock.
Reduce magnification. Factor 4 Mr. Sulu.
We're already two settings below that sir.
Viewer ahead.
Admiral the Enterprise has just finished eighteen months redesign- ing and refitting. She needs testing a shakedown
Reporting as ordered Captain.
Sir I would appreciate Dr. McCoy absenting himself from this interview.
Do <U>not</U> return scan Mr. Spock. It may be misinterpreted as hostility.
We are obviously confronted by a highly advanced mentality yet they cannot understand who we are or what we want.
We cannot break free Captain. We do not have a fraction of the power necessary.
What answers.
Which will require twenty more hours at minimum Admiral
Starfleet signals sir growing in strength They have Intruder on their monitors it's decelerating powerfield cloud beginning to dissipate
That's why they have state borders whyn't you get a replacement.
No of course you want to get out of town.
thatthat he <u>prayed</u> for a second chance. Butdo you see.
I don't mean to impose butdo you think we might
But but but but but it's better <u>without</u>
Don't look good for Trial of the Heart.
I don't drink.
Do you truly believe the electoral process is absurd.
yes.
Where you going.
No that's true.
That's something a man could do.
You know what else a man can do.
And come to the printshop. You know <u>why</u>.
Not without a rolltop desk.
Lookit that up already.
What are you going to do.
If I go to jail.
What are they offering.
Hi.
We did.
I'm sorry.
Maude this <u>man</u> wrote this <u>play</u>.
<u>Wonderful</u> scr
Fifteen hands.
What is that in fingers. Just kidding get me this horse.
Bourbon and Milk.
Then I hope you wouldn't tell anyone that I gave you this.
Her
Thanks honey but next time bring two save yourself a trip.
What I
You don't need Hi I've just come from the restaurant.
Bob Bob stick to the business will you.
And I have Mr. Barrenger's Tuna B
Who is it raped you.
I want to tell you something Wally he's a pussycat. <u>My</u> thing is to see everybody does what they said they would and I have to do that. Now: what is this you want <u>Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars</u> to do what you're being paid to you already <u>signed</u> you'd do. What is that.
You can't treat me like this. I'm not a child.
She's absolutely r
I feel so <u>close</u> to you
I just
This scene is why I'm doing the movie. Look at the mill Frank look at the way it goes around<u>half</u> of the time the darned wheel's under water but
I can't do it Walt.
Listen to me: Elanora <u>Duse</u> was playing Hamlet in London in 1905 and Royalty could not get a ticket. She said I'm not doing the seven shows a week I signed for. She said I cannot bare my soul seven times a week. I am an artist. I'll do four shows a week. The greatest actress of her time. You know what her Producer said.
I
I knowI know
and and and did she. And she did the seven shows
I uh I've always thought so Well you just get an idea and try to find the best way to express it in pictorial form. I've written a letter to the studio and to SAG protesting Bill: get a copy of that letter. I just wanted to tell you that I am <u>past</u> chagrined I'm <u>mortified</u> at the way you were spoken to
I'm only trying to
Claire: As an interpretive artist to a creative artist: Stay with me. I need you. We start to shoot tomorrow and then it belongs to <u>us</u>. Stay. Stay. Tonightwhen When they've gone. Let's talk. Let's <u>really</u> talk. We could we'll have <u>dinner</u> we'lla bottle of some bad red wine we'll get spaghetti and we'll
he's the producer of the movie.
Doug
You've got nothing you don't have a witness
What's in the case.
You mean you need a witness in addition to White.
Who's White.
He saw the accident.
You told me they had an Old Mill here.
My wife is going to have a baby and
Grace: get Mr. White a typewriter.
I can only write on a manual.
I know the feeling.
Well you know you know that's a lie I I
I know you do.
What's the
Know. They could draw them from memory. You're fantastic. What a find you are. Get outta here. We need the Dead Horse Scene.
It's not <u>you</u> it's
I have to tell the truth.
the house the 1835. The original <u>kitchen</u> of course burned in 1960 as part of a spate of fires
It's lovely.
You cool the broad out.
My undies cause you can't get this picture off on time I'm gonna' wet myself.
If you do the product placement
Is that one hell of a kid.
Dear this is Mr. Rossen he is the producer
Well you know Walt I just wanted to say that anything I could do
Drive a man to drink. Took me near half an hour get across the street yesterday.
Bet you did.
Where are we.
we can't lose the wind
I hate wax lips and red ants and pretzels without salt
&quot;Those who travel far and near this will make you DISAPPEAR.&quot;
It just slipped out.
Scream.
Oh God oh God Oh God oh God oh God Oh
But you only wore mascara when you and Daddy went on romantic dates
That happens. To families.
Actually. She's kind of cool when you get to know her.
Great.
Not with my mouth open.
Mom. What's wrong.
You cannot <u>believe</u> what he said it was the worst <u>instant</u> of my total life on <u>Earth</u>.
No. I told you. I like apple butter not butter butter.
Never mind. I'll just eat my lunch.
I don't have to listen to you. You're not my mother.
What if he's kidnapped.
June 3rd God willing I'll marry your Dad. And then I <u>will</u> be your stepmom. And right now I'm not looking forward to th
Oh my God. That is so not funny. You're late. You're really late. Now get out here and have some cereal.
Grammy had a different kind. There are lots of kinds. Hers was very bad.
In the stillstill of the ni-ightI held youheld you so ti-ight
Can I talk to you. When you're there.
People beat it don't they. All the time.
Something's up wi
Rachel's not half my age.
Me too.
Easy enough.
Just outside the big top we're almo
You're WHERE.
To make it easier for them or you.
It's a huge moment in their life 
Never stand between that kid and a meatball.
How do you hold down a job. It's 8:10. You were supposed to be here at 7:00. She's missed her sunrise Groom'n Ride.
Did you or Luke talk to her about it afterwards.
So why did y
Ben likes to be read to. Do you know Dr. Seuss.
Anxiety.
Jackie.
See I know that.
It's just not the right time t
I just want to spend time with them when I'm not rushing or on the phone or tired or
My advice to you. Don't die.
Actually. They'll want Annabelle's mother.
You've turned her into you. And I may not get another chance. To turn her back.
Come on a wuss like me. The stiff who wouldn't help her own daughter fight back.
Really. Look in your ex-wife's eyes.
It's complicated for Jackie. It's complicated for meYou don't have kids you don't understand 
Well I think you should tell him you changed your mi
She's not gonna die.
Well they will be.
Restless.
Well technically your Zeda is a survivor.
Four brothers and five sisters.
Hmmm. But Consuelo even though your poor don't you have any hobbies or interests or anything.
Consuelo what is rape exactly.
So whaddya think.
Yes Mikey.
Hey you want to hear my short story now.
Well I changed the ending a little.
You've lost interestYou hardly even sweat any more when we have sex.
That's not fair. I was honest. Just because I wasn't sucking up like 	that bitch Catherine.
What DO you know.
OK.
I don't think there's any hope either. I was just trying to make you feel better.
Yeah. Sure Go ahead. Hypnotize me.
Come here give me a hug.
Good. 'Cause IumI really agreed with everything you had to say last week about how bad my story was
'Fuck me hard.'
Yeah well it was really all kind of a joke - and a rip-off so uhso I dropped out.
Oh I don't remember that
OK. Bye.
Thanks.
Can I see what you have so far.
Uh-oh. Do you know if the demands are being taken seriously at this point or does Washington think these people are just a bunch of crazy fuckers playing games.
What are you going to do Cooper throw yourself on a Bunsen burner. It's a bunch of businessmen touring a lab. We'll be out in no time.
He's a very stubborn man sometimes
Cooper
You're a lot like my father Cooper you think with your heart.
What about rule one: never let the person you are protecting out of your sight.
Looks like you're not going to make that dinner after all
We're on sublevel six. We'll pass some labs and then we'll hit the stairwell
Go fuck yourself
Good.
Who's Ryan Cooper.
Agreedlet's move it.
Dissent.
Get your men to do it.
Don't be ridiculous.
Goodbye Mister Ambassador.
Naturally. It would kill us just as surely even if we set it off in your country. But this way we know it's safe and we don't have the problem of delivering it.
Please Mister President I am extremely shy and do not wish to endure this sort of personal humiliation. Here is the only other camera I have left.
Now snap out of it fella.
Look Colonel. Maybe it's too late. Maybe they've sent Air Command in already. But we've got to try to con- tact somebody.
General Schmuck.
As soon as you've done that shut down the communications center. Lock it up and assign the personnel to base security details.
Now as soon as you've done that double- up on all base security teams. Our enemies are plenty smart and there might even be an attack on the base by saboteurs.
What's the gun for General Ripper.
You know the regulations well Major.
I know so Major. I know so. And add to that the whole Air Command force being committed to clobber everything they've got.
I'll tell you what I do think. If they say they're for disarmament I say anyone who says they're for disarmament is either a traitor or a damned fool.
I presume the planes are armed.
I'm afraid so Mister Presient. Being part of the air-borne alert each plane is carrying a full load - about fifty megatons apiece.
How soon until the enemy finds out what's going on.
Mister President I know you think I've let you down but we had to have a Plan-R. If we completely centralized the command and control all a potential aggressor would have to worry about was knock- ing out maybe half a dozen headquarters and the Capitol and we'd be out of business. We'd have planes and missiles just sitting there while we were getting clobbered.
Well sir it looks like one aircraft the Leper Colony failed to receive the recall.
Have you tried the recall again.
We should be crossing the coast in about six minutes.
Give me revs for maximum speed at sea level.
They must have clobbered some of our cities already.
A through H is correct.
Check.
Come on Quentin isn't that pretty selfish putting yourself ahead of the mission.
Where'd they get you.
Release first safety.
Everything still checks out okay.
Yes Major.
I bit his jugular vein. Now will you shut up and get up here
No look. It's OPE - Recall Mistake.
Like hell it does.
It's me - Lothar. Are you okay.
We are.
I don't anymore.
You know one moment things are so fucked up than you look at it from a totally different angle and it makes sense.
Slides go with it.
It's called Burger Manifesto Part One The Dialectical Expression of Testosterone. Isn't that a great title.
No I quit.
Hey you said you did a video.
I was doing schrooms and I saw this cloud. It looks excellent on tape. The video is like my head and and everything you know is like is like in there that I see. You know. Plus I'm gonna come down here one night and walk around inside the Circle A with the camera and tape shit.
You can see it. Whenever you want. Don't you um work at a hospital or something.
No I you know I help 'em out. I empty bedpans and bring 'em lunch. That kind of thing.
No no no no I don't wanna be stuck with the guy. I want the tickets.
No no.
Buff Buff Buff Buff Buff.
You wanna bet he's with a girl.
I'd get bored.
Oh come on man. Tell me you wouldn't love it.
She was at the Four Seasons last night man. But you shouldn't worry about that.
No I'm not I'm not worried. I'm not worried.
Yeah we all stayed at the Four Seasons man. It was party time. Hey I hung out with Danny Pony's manager. Really nice guy. We talked about the video. They want a raw look. Something fresh. Danny said if I can capture the reality of Burnfield it'd make a great tape.
Buff listen to me. Could you just-
No man she showed up last night at the hotel. We has a great time together. I stayed in her room last night man. What can I say.
Yeah I saw all of Erica last night man.
No. It didn't Buff.
Bullshit.
No no no.
That's bullshit. That's total utter bullshit.
Yeah.
We're your customers. We're not complaining.
Yeah well uh you're not so smart chief 'cause I'm moving out to L.A.
You were a shitty lineman and now your a shitty cop. Yeah blow me I'm drunk.
It's nice here. It's different.
Hi.
No not really. Middle-class.
He is.
He is.
What about me. I don't have a car.
Well I mean you have to understand I was just this dopey kid mopping floors and kissing officer ass. I mean well I enlisted right out of high school. So I just wanted something different in my life.
What was your name again.
I'm not a nice guy.
Oh Erica this is my friend Jeff.
Um mother-daughter.
You don't need to sit next to me right now.
You lied to me.
No no. That's not the way it is at all. No I stayed up all night trying to figure out how to protect my best friend. Wait yeah no I was trying to come up with some lie so that you wouldn't have to go to jail for the rest of your life.
You don't know.
Come on. You don't think that after they called the cops on me her and Mohammed had a nice laugh.
Jeff. Come up here.
No sweetie. Cynicism is bullshit.
No no no. I'm not being cynical I'm being honest.
Can I talk here. Let me talk.
Jeff likes to argue for the sake of arguing.
And I fig- and I figured something out.
No no I have to talk to you.
Yes Jeff away. Away away away.
What about us. I'm moving away your staying here.
Oh no no no.
Yeah.
Aw come on. Rock star. Fame. Fortune. Sex.
Write. 'Cause I I have written some things.
You know why do you call me names. You know I never hurt you. I'm only working here.
Why. What are you gonna do. Huh. You're gonna shoot me for standing on your fucking trash can.
Get off my property.
Oh it's stupid isn't it.
Sometimes yeah. You know I started to do performances.
Yeah so what do you guys do next. I mean what's your band do now.
Yeah and I was thinking Sooze you could do the cover.
Yeah.
No I'm going.
Me.
You do.
See what's around you listen to their lies
Erica. She said she was tired. She went back to the hotel.
She didn't say. Maybe she's at the bar at the hotel.
The bar at the hotel. She told you that. What did she say exactly.
What are you going to do. Hm.
Yeah.
Your manager.
I don't I don't remember. What do I owe you.
Yeah. Yeah. How's the air force Tim.
Uh excuse me I'd like to know where he gets his ideas.
Could you give me a ride.
And you know real cops aren't half as smart as Keanu.
Di. I just called to say that Conan talked about us again last night.
Oh my G-d you've been robbed.
No I don't I keep asking because I feel fat.
If you don't - can you still afford to go to Harvard.
 I don't know. Probably not.
Di it's Luce. Kansas just called and said she's going to fuck me up. Then I heard coughing a thud and Kansas had to go. I think her Grandma had another heart attack. Anyway why does she want to fuck me up.
 so when your dad said I never want to see your f-'in' faces again. do you think he meant forever or just until your mom wakes up.
I see a flower. And y'know even the most beautiful flowers still grow from dirt.
Trix
Let me explain something
Anyway last time I checked you still had to have sex to have an orgasm. And I know she ain't seen the lord on all fours - so I'm just saying.
Hat-trick.
It's all my fault. I'm sorry I ever started this
NO. Waitum We're the A-squad from Lincoln High. So uh
Just call me later. I gotta get some smokes for Grandma.
No. This is Diane. I think you have the wrong number.
My daughter's always dreamed of bein' a cheerleader. Put her on your squad and I'll give you the guns.
You want us to help you pick up.
You got that big retarded girl down there.
Yeah. Itchy sent us.
I know but it keeps down the size of my can.
My what.
Say you're not really smuggling opium these days are you.
Hello Mr. Sheldrake. On that Bases Loaded. I covered it with a 2-page synopsis. But I wouldn't bother.
That was last year. This year I'm trying to earn a living.
Hurt feelings department.
Maybe that's why it's good. It's true it's moving. Now why don't you use that character
How about capturing the kitchen and barricading the door.
Hello Artie. Good evening Miss Schaefer.
Stop it Artie will you. Where have you been keeping your- self. I've got the most wonderful news for you.
I mean it. It's no good to me anyway. Help yourself.
Look if you don't mind I haven't got time to listen to the whole plot 
Oh that. It's from a friend of mine. A middle-aged lady very foolish and very generous.
Stop crying. You're getting married. That's what you've always wanted.
That was Norma Desmond on the phone.
We've made a lot of pictures together.
Fair enough.
You know I'm pretty expensive. I get five hundred a week.
I wouldn't worry about money. I'll make it worth your while.
What scene.
The one where you go to the slave market. You can cut right to the scene where John the Baptist -
Honestly it's a little old hat. They don't want that any more.
I need some money right now.
I've lost my car.
It is to me. That's why I came to this house. That's why I took this job ghost writing.
What's wrong with It.
Not on the same floor with Valentino.
Why not. What I'm trying to say is that I'm all wrong for you. You want a Valentino somebody with polo ponies a big shot 
Don't you want to come along darling.
Oh. sure if it would make a good scene.
Naturally. I brought them myself.
I'd better press your evening clothes sir. You have not for- gotten Madame's New Year's party.
No I haven't. I suppose all the waxworks are coming.
I lent it to a friend of mine. He took it up to Palm Springs.
You don't believe me. Look in the garage.
Got a title.
So you need three hundred dollars. Of course I could give you three hundred dollars. Only I'm not going to.
Forget Romanoff's. It's the car I'm talking about. If I lose my car it's like having my legs out off.
Did the deceased ever threaten you. Were you in fear of bodily injury.
You know better than to interrupt me.
What is the scene. Where am I.
It couldn't be helped. The city will have to make do with three.
That's easy for you to say Bianca.
You're alive. She didn't kill you.
Who didn't.
Let's talk about us not her.
Let me kiss you.
If we wait until we understand everything we'll be dead. Come on. You can learn more from one kiss than from years in school.
I thought I'd show you one of my favourite places.
Just like that.
I know I was acting funny-I'm sorry. It's justI miss it.
You've had your fun Selena the game is over.
Finished your estimate.
No.
I'm wise to your tricks lady.
You vicious
You can't put her out of your mind is that it.
I believe there's a rational explanation for everything. But I don't know what it is.
Say-you think that's the same guy who was in the accident with Lucy.
I've been in love with you for years. Remember how you used to visit your sister in the newsroom. And put your fingerprints on my lens.
You were. You mean we could've been you-know-what all this time.
Where is Earth.
I don't understand.
No MR. Danvers.
That ought to keep you out of my hair for a while.
A cheap trick.
Earth. You crossed the dimension barrier. By yourself.
What kind of a question is that. Of course: I am. I do whatever I want. All the time.
Takes a long time you know learning the wand. Just begun to understand it myse1f. Give things a kind of lifecan also take away life; works backwards too. Besides I can't let you take my wand. Only have the one what would I do. I'd be helpless. It's out of the question.
Zaltar. Use the wand.
What are you talkin' about.
S'not bad s'very good but y'know what's wrong with this Singaporething.
Man you don't never pass out do ya.
Hiya sweet thing. Little guy's getting' hassled huh. Kent you still here.
Too much mayonnaise.
Youumyou never got married.
I just can't stand this.
There's a lot of choices here.
Old ties are hard to cut.
Hi Lois. Morning Jimmy you've got mustard on your lapel. Excuse me Mr. White I don't mean to interrupt but -
Do you really know Superman.
Sure.
Nope but 
They said I lost it on the subway but it ain't the truth. It was a pickpocket took it.
The only other employment you found was in a fast-food joint  which lasted28 minutes. Well. That's some kind of record. Talk about fast.
Mr. Gorman the city of Metropolis is generous to a fault but. . .
Who gets it the company.
Workin' overtime. What are you doin' buddy looking for a raise.
Man what is this.
Columbia.
They ain't got captains.
What will it get me.
Remember Gus. A machine doesn't want anything except to keep on being a machine. You've got to make sure it can figure out how to beat any opponent.
That's up to the judge Gus. It's not your problem anymore.
Hey listen I didn't know your mama was comin' by
You will command the tankers to sail toward a 50-mile area in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
Who is she.
Who's the other woman.
It's hard to believe a great looking girl like you all alone like this. As she glances up at him she is first flustered then flattered thenfinallyjust realistic:
How would you know.
It could make weather.
He's coming. He's going to hurt me.
Jimmy how's the -
I do.
It is kinda romantic.
No. I mean here you stand with one of nature's most awesome spectacles and the whole time you've had your back to it. Aren't you impressed.
I mean it strikes me funny that every time Superman comes around you disappear.
You don't have anything to be sorry 	about. How could I . . .
We'd better talk.
I'm listening.
Does Lois know about this yet.
I like trees.
No me me me. Thank you.
A gang of terrorists seized the Eiffel Tower in Paris
I asked the right question.
The one danger we have considered is that the Phantom Zone might - we cannot predict - just might be cracked by a nuclear explosion in space. I cannot say I am glad you asked me that -
Oh my Fullness as I explained to you before I am about the best there is. Second best there is.
You said it. Three-to-one should get you 								both ears and the tail.
I'm the man they're 	protecting. I'm the President. I'll kneel before you if it will save lives.
I wish I knew.  Oh God.
It's brilliant. Daddy thinks so too. You'll write a new series 'Metropolis After Hours.'
My prom was so boring. We all flew to Paris the next day to recover Sometimes my whole life seems boring. I thing maybe I should just give everything away and go live among the poor people. Then I remember how smashing I look in sable oh it's all so confusing. You think I'm silly don't you.
What about here.
I feel kind of light-headed . . .
Hello Lacy. Can anybody break a twenty. The cabbie didn't have any change.
Daddy's offered me jobs at some of his other companies. But I've been thinking maybe I'll take some time off. I'm going to find a place like Smallville in the country. Maybe a farm see what the slow lane is like.
It's just a bad flu really. How did you know . . .
Of course it is. Do you know what the sun is. Why it's just one huge nuclear bomb. A bomb with enough radiation to incinerate an average man like that.
But you can't tell where one country begins and another ends. You can't see any borders. It's just one world.
Daddy .
Yes darling.
Gee Uncle Lex I was just getting to the good part.
Hey. He looks normal.
Ahhhh my favorite part of the day. Who else could have thought of this aquarium.
That the planet blew up on May 23 1937. That the rocket ship with the revolting little freak in it took three years to reach Earth. Ergo.
You're a great architect Albert.
ClarkSonthatthing you did with the Sheriff today thosestuntsyou don't do those things at school do you.
No Mom. You know I wouldn't break my promise.
I know. He sends a check every week to his dear gray-haired old mother.
He may have a gun.
Big night coming up.
Oh not really. I guess I'll just watch a little TV and   unlesswould you be interested in dinner.
It's not what you think. Darn it. I'm going out on a story. The Secretary of Defense is landing at the airport tonight and this kid's going to be there to make sure he answers a few questions he'd rather duck.
Mirrors then. It's done with mirrors.
What'd you call him.
Bet he makes it.
Some people can read 'War and Peace' and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Other people can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and come away with the secret of the universe. Y'know.
What do you suggest my dear.
She knows. Clever very clever. And unappreciated. But I'm going to take you away from all this.
What if he doesn't show up. What if he's taking a nap.
I mean the other one.
This discussion is terminated. The decision of the council is final. You will cease pursuing this matter. Any attempt by you to continue to create a climate of fear and panic among the populace will be deemed an act of insurrection.
As an irredeemable criminal. You compare me to them.
Will you abide by the Council's opinion.
Need I ask who's favored to collect at the end of this week.
Well - gotta change that tire if were gonna get home.
The good lord works in mysterious ways.
He sure as heck does that.
We'll say he's a child to my cousin in North Dakota and just now orphaned. Poor thing.
 as we will be.
You've been doing some research in the archives.
.to feel yourself. Very well. You are revealed to the world. But still you must keep your secret identity. First of all you will need it as an escape valve. You cannot be special twenty-eight hours a day -
Or twenty-four as it is in Earth time. Furthermore if you will reveal yourself your enemies will have a way of getting at you where you are vulnerable: by hurting the people you care for. Ah this Earththis world you live in Kal-El Resist its temptations its rewards especially its political system.
Lois the kickback story
Nine to five it's a Pulitzer Prize I know.
Right on the first guess.
Wellflashlight.
I think you'll be able to remember it. I doubt you'll misquote me.
If I do you can punish me. Fly me to Bermuda and just lave me there for two weeks. This is fantastic. I wish Clark were here.
Thirty-five.
Do bullets really bounce off you.
Did I do good Mr. Luthor.
Yes.
Not really. The last time I saw her was at that clinic. That was a long time ago.
She's in trouble.
Yeah.
So what brings you out tonight.
Well I don't know why it should. There's a whole lot of people in town involved with lawsuits. We're hardly unique here Billy. I mean I can understand how you feel.
Why. You got money from Dolores' insurance with the school board. We all did.
Do they have any reputation for drugs.
From what.
Did he have any particular problems that you knew of. Financial pressuresrun-ins with the law
That's the way I thought of them sometimes.
Billy Ansel will insist that you were driving fifty-one miles an hour. Just like you've done every morning for the past fifteen years.
It's clear to me and other people that you have suffered significantly from this event.
What happened to summer.
Is he coming over now. Right away.
What's vermin again.
Well if he knew magic - if he could get the kids into the mountain - why couldn't he use his pipe to make the people pay him for getting rid of the rats.
Yes.
At school. She fell for Kyle just before we graduated. Got pregnant andwent to live in a trailer up on a woodlot Kyle's dad used to own. Kyle started spending more and more time at the Spread Eagle
That's great Wendell. That's the sort of thing I need to know. So it doesn't come back to haunt our case later on.
They're smart. Been to college. They moved here from the city about a dozen years ago.
Yes.
Tell me your news Zoe.
What do you want me to do Zoe. I'll do whatever you want.
I'm sorry for coming over unannounced like this Mrs. Otto but the Walkers said you would understand. I know it's an awful time but it's important that we talk.
You can't come here.
So you're just the thing we need.
If you agree to have me represent you in this suit I will require no payment until after the case is won when I will require one third of the awarded amount. If there is no award made then my services will cost you nothing. It's a standard agreement.
Been drinking since high school. Fucked himself up. Used to be smart enough.
This is before the accident Nicole. Do you understand what I'm asking.
The speedometer. And it was downhill there.
I was scared. And there wasn't time.
How do you like it Nicole.
Well yes. He's your lawyer too.
It's because of the accident Nicole. Most people in this town whose kids were on the bus have got lawyers. A lot of peoplewell people in this town are very angry. Us included.
How will he do that.
Nicole tomorrow Mr. Stephens wants you to make your deposition at the courthouse. I thought I'd take you over.
There's talk of that.
Hello Sidney. Wanna table.
Boys this gets nobody nowhere - you're over excited Steve and -
Mr. Hunsecker there's nothing to that smear. You have my sincere word
Mr. Hunsecker you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels.
Susie as always is free to say anything she thinks. Go on dear say exactly what's on your mind dear.
If looks could kill I'm dead
Not being partial are you.
Susie I'm sorry if-
Hello Harry.
Correct me if I'm wrong - WE. Because when I'm out on this very slippery limb for you you have to know what's involved.
I'll do it J.J. - don't get me wrong - in for a penny in for a pound. I'll see it through but stop beating me around the head. Let me make a living.
I know Steve. No.
Susie I like this new attitude of yours. You're growing up and I like it. I don't like it when you're limp and dependent when you're odd and wayward. This gives you a chance for real survival in a very lousy world. Because don't forget dear you won't always have me with you will you.
Full of beans ain't you. But you know that you'll stand or fall by what you're doing now
Could this be that boy.
What's your favorite ribbon to go around your favorite chocolates.
I've been up to here. Listen honey tell me something. You know Susan Hunsecker. Has she been in. I mean lately in the last coupla days.
cigarette girls And naturally -
This sort of thing.
But what.
I know you do Sidney.
Why me.
Dallas ask your own manager - he's standing here like a pained wolfhound - Hunsecker and Elwell are enemies to the knife. So how do you get him doing J.J. a favor.
Like you.
I know that bit - you're a girl; you need a man to give you strength. So what do you pick such weak sisters for. Don't you know yet that you fight fire with fire not with tear drops.
And on Monday I'll take it off and stroke your light brown hair and -
Hello Steve. I'm glad you could come.
Miles it's Sunday. You promised to take the kids to Raging Waters today.
But I thought aren't we changing things. I mean right now. Changing the way it goes.
Yes. Cyberdyne Systems Model 101.
So this other guy. He's a terminator too right like you.
We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua places like that. For a while she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy running guns. Then there were some other guys. She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from. So then she could teach me how to be this great military leader. Then she gets busted and it's like sorry kid your mom's a psycho. Didn't you know. It's like everything I'd been brought up to believe was just made-up fantasy right. I hated her for that. But everything she said was true. We gotta get her out of there.
Typically the subject being copied is terminated.
We're not gonna make it are we. People I mean.
Why do you cry.
Pain causes it.
I'm sorry John.
It John. Not him. It.
We're better off by ourselves.
I love you John. I always have.
 it's like a giant strobe light burning right through my eyes but somehow I can still see. Look you know the dream's the same every night why do I have to 
I guess it's possible.
You have a question for Helmuth David.
and totally irrelevant.
A human being oh good I'm relieved I thought you were going to say you were a music lover. This man this great artist has made anti-Semitic remarks like you wouldn't believe. I got letters.
Yes.
Says here because of your father. What's that mean.
Oh yes Major I have recordings of all his symphonies. I kept them safe during the bombing. My favourite is the Seventh Symphony.
No. Ours was damaged.
How come.
Your guess is as good as mine.
I need to work. I need to make my living. I live off the generosity of friends
And what was that.
Yes I know who he is.
He said 'Don't mind him. His job is to criticise your job is to conduct.'
And what happened to Von der Nul.
I'm sorry.
Come on admit it. K worried you didn't he. He always worried you. In 1942 he's thirty-four years old you're already fifty-six. And Goebbels and Goering keep saying to you 'If you don't do it little K will.' Never mind art and politics and symbols and airy-fairy bullshit about liberty humanity and justice because I don't care how great you are. It's the oldest story in the book The ageing Romeo jealous of the young buck. The real reason you didn't leave the country when you knew you should have was that you were frightened that once you were out of the way you'd be supplanted by the Miracle Kid the Party's boy twice over flashy talented little K.
Well I'm just beginning to develop my theme. Isn't that what you call it in classical music developing your theme. Okay so they played on your insecurity. That's human understandable. But there is one guy who doesn't like little K as much as he likes you - yeah the number one man your old pal Adolf. He thinks you're the greatest and when he says I want Wilhelm for my birthday boy they better go out get Wilhelm. So Josef calls and threatens you with little K. And you said to hell with the Ninth in Vienna I'll give it to Adolf as a birthday present in Berlin. That's the trick they played they got you by the balls and they squeezed. Hard. Why did you stay. Why did you play for them. Why were you the flag-carrier for their regime. Jealousy.
I have illegitimate children.
What.
Stop this please stop this now.
Those attitudes do not exist in me.
Bruckner's Seventh. The Adagio.
I love my country I believe in music what was I to do.
The one he kept in his right hand. Yes you remember.
Show me.
Not here Major there are people if anybody should see please please Major
Oh I see he made you co-operate. And now are you a communist again.
There's a rumour I don't know if it's true or not but ask him about von der Null.
Edwin von der Null. Music critic. He gave Furtwängler terrible reviews while he raved about Herbert von Karajan.
And ask him about his private life.
Aren't I worth waiting for.
Can you handle it.
Didn't see the war. I was born after in the ruins. Grew up there. Starving. Hiding from the H-K's.
Kyle.
Kyle what's it like when you go through time.
I caught one back there.
This is gonna make me puke. Talk about something.
What's he like.
Stop. I don't want to know. Hold still. Soit was John that ordered you here.
You'll learn.
Okay. Talk some more.
Reese. Think it through. We can prevent the war. Nobody else is gonna do it. If we go to anybody official we wind up back in jail and then that walking cuisinart has got us again. We have to so it ourselves.
Is this enough.
Hot dogs.
It'll never be over will it. Look at me I'm shaking. Some legend huh. You must be pretty disappointed.
Good fighters.
A girl. You know.
So much pain.
So. You're a soldier. Fighting for whom.
You go naked. Something about the field generated by a living organism. Nothing dead will go.
Yes but I don't want to leave. I think this guy's following me.
That stuff's two hours cold.
Projections were far too optimistic.
Our E.P.S. was one fifty last quarter. We're up eight cents per share.
The stock will turn.
Because it's fair. Give me next quarter. If you still feel this way vote your shares
You're talking tomorrow. Today is what counts.
You want to know what it is. What it's all about. John. Chapter nine. Verse twenty-five.
You mean the guy who turned blue and <u>wet</u> himself .
I'm sorry about this
See you around.
It was a gift from my brother.
Don't even think about it.
Read what it says: Warning do <u>not</u> attempt to open. If elevator stops use emergency 
The maitre d' called you Christine.
Goodnight Christy. It was nice meeting you.
Take the picture out of the frame and show it to me.
How. How could they have gotten anything.
My name's not Christine. It's not my real
Who is it.
What the fuck are you .
Guess you missed it.
It is. It's what you hired us for. Nobody touched your money. Nobody stole anything. They're waiting on the other side of that door with champagne all your friends it's a celebration
Trust me. Call that number.
This isn't an escort service.
Will you.
I thought you'd like this. Best thing I ever did. If you don't want to do it DON'T
How do you mean exactly.
Everything. I'm a goddamn human-pinata
Really.
Do you know how to change a tire.
No it doesn't. Those keys were put there. I didn't even know
Really.
Yes.
What happened to you Nick. I mean look at yourself
The last few days um I've been thinking had a lot of spare time. I want to tell you I'm starting to understand why you left me. I've been resenting you for it maybe but I want to apologize for all of it. For shutting you out for not being there. I Anyway I hope you can forgive me.
I'll explain someday.
I'm tired of dealing with peons. I need to get to whoever's in charge.
Drive in.
Where.
I've been so lonely.
The key.
Did the alarm go off. The house they you didn't see .
I'm just like him.
No.
Don't ask.
Uh Nell Vance
Welcome Home Eleanor. Welcome Home. I've never been here. Who did this.
And this is my assistant Mary Lambretta.
Sure.
You used the wrong test.
Nell.
And after she was thrown out she needed a job.
So smell is Smell is the sense that triggers the most powerful memories. And a memory can trigger a smell.
What.
That. That's Hill House.
Are you Mister Dudley the caretaker.
No one could. No one lives any nearer than town.
A monster. But he built this for the woman he loved like the Taj Mahal.
Is it over.
Why.
I'll take that as a compliment. In the city what kind of place do you live in.
Marrow said the same thing as last night he <u>says</u>  that he checked with Mrs. Dudley. And he says that she told him that all the fireplaces in the West Wing connect to the main chimney. He says that he thinks that the flue was open and with the windstorm he says that what probably happened was some kind of freak air current 
Then who is. Come on Nell. Deep down if you really thought it wasn't Jim why wouldn't you be leaving right this second. Why wouldn't you be afraid. Really afraid.
I don't think I want any.
I <u>want</u> to know why you <u>need</u> that scary guy in your house.
You demand to be served. A fork fetishist.
I like the colors.
We think someone is here.
How they goin' kid.
As it happens. I didn't make that part up.
And where is this guest. Don't they want to interview him.
You broke last time.
Huh.
Been to the Boat Show.
I can take care of the paperwork.
This bloke she was bunked up with. This Terry what'sit.
Valentine. What's he got to say for himself.
Y'what.
I go to work try to keep my life together put all that shit behind me man. What d'you want from me.
Not me man.
You hadda show up on a weekend. This weekend. Wouldn't've even been a gun show for another month.
Now what. You gonna take your new arsenal go visit Terry Valentine just like that. Boom bam boom.
Why didn't you just kill him you had the chance.
Didn't get it.
You just cooking then.
Had a feeling it was you.
Why did you come here.
It's been a while.
In any case I don't suppose the salary you make sewing mailbags is really commensurate with international airline travel.
Said it went on for donkey's years.
Modelling.
Footloose and fancy free.
No I had some other matters to attend to you know. Getting a car sorted 
The address Jenny gave me that wasn't a prison was it.
Lives high off the hog and waits for the next big thing. Like me but on a grander scale of failure.
I see.
What do you think.
You think Terry gave me access to her things. Probably sold her clothes.
You mean if they'd nabbed you before you actually broke and entered you would only have been charged with making a mess.
 they want Southern I do Southern they want Midwest I do Midwest they want tall blonde and twenty-two I'm shit out of luck. One thing I can't do is English. Americans can't. Shouldn't even try. And Laurence Olivier couldn't do us.
What'd your father do.
How far.
You can't count on very many people that's the trouble. Number of times a decent job's been cocked up 
But if you're mad at him too and he's mad at you that must make us pals.
What I like about Ian he believes in a chain of command but not a chain of respect you understand what I'm saying.
You'll be looking forward to getting back then.
So what.
What d'you mean any happier.
Well we blew it didn't we. He ain't wrong.
What's in it.
He's expecting you.
Where's what's-his-name Fred 
Tell you 
Yes. Thank you.
Hi Mr Crane.
We've certainly missed you.
Uh-huh.
A goose friend. I was chasing a wild goose. Ed have you ever heard of venture capital.
That right.
Ed Crane. Remember. Today.
No. Itell me
And how do we share
Yeah.
How ya doin' Ed.
Hell I I'm not proud of it. But uh that's not the worst of it. I got a note. A blackmail note. You know come across or everybody knows.
Why don't you just pay him Dave.
Mm.
Dave.
Just coffee.
Where you going.
My books used to be perfect. Anyone could open them up make sense of the whole goddamn store.
Look I don't wanna waste your time so I'll eat while we talk. Ya mind. *You* don't mind. So while I'm in town I'll be staying at the Hotel Metropole the Turandot Suite. Yeah it's goofy the suites're named after operas; room's OK though I poked around. I'm having 'em hold it for me on account of I'll be back and forth. In addition to my retainer you're paying hotel living expenses secretarial private eye if we need to make inquiries headshrinker should we go that way. We'll talk about appeals if as and when. For right now has she confessed.
You've gotta give me something to work with. Freddy Riedenschneider is good but he's not a magician. He can't just wave his little wand in the air and make a plausible defense materialize. Look. Look at what the other side is gonna run at us. They got the company books prepared by you*cooked* by youthat's Motive. They got a murder scene *you* had access to. That's Opportunity. They got that little trimmer thing he was stabbed in the throat witha *dame's* weapon
Yeah.
Bert's OK sure he's a good man. I won't kid you though Ed nobody around here has any experience with this kind of er And I hear they're bringing a prosecutor up from Sacramento. Capital offense. Taking it seriously Hmm
Probity.
Huh.
Huh.
I don't know How it keeps on coming. It just keeps growing.
You don't got a headache.
Uh-huh.
Barber right. I'm Freddy Riedenschneider. Hungry. They tell me the chow's OK here. I made some inquiries.
OK boys which of you gets the privilege.
We're just closing friend.
Uh you're under arrest.
Why not.
I'm telling you something's wrong. I still haven't heard from Pendergast. I think you should call it off.
Battery's dead. Shit.
In this violent world I believe the only way to stay sane is to take time to notice beautiful things.
Call me Vince.
Did you read about a boat that washed up outside of New Orleans about four months ago. Twelve bodies on board.
I've got to admit that was a damn sight better than the dog ate my homework.
Pendergast. Help. It's right behind us.
I smell it. It's here.
Did you hear that. My God. He says that Mbwun is real.
Pardon my French but bull shit.
What happened.
It's still back there.
All right. Kawakita cover the rear.
What's that.
The thalamus and the hypothalamus perhaps.
My work on fossil intermediates would be crippled without you.
This isn't a death sentence. Greg has promised to teach me fly fishing. I'll garden. I'll write.
I'm not sure. As you know the Kothoga lived outside civilization on the tepui for thousands of years. Species flourished in isolation when man and pollution rendered them extinct. This could be one of the last remaining samples of an unknown plant.
Nocturnal. External hair and bony plates. Locomotor speed 60-70 kilometers. Reduced optic chiasm poor eyesight. External mucoid nasal glands very keen scent Morphological characteristics: Highly robust. Aggressiveness: extreme.
And it's hungry. It's been two days since it's eaten. There are five hundred people arriving right now. The animal hunts at night and it has a keen sense of smell. All those people in one enclosed space
We can't. We've managed to get inside the one place that's safe. I think we should sit tight and wait for reinforcements. If we go outside we're risking more lives. You have to accept it Margo there's nothing we can do. The building must be swarming with police by now. It won't take long for them to get through the doors.
Something tried to get into this room.
Read it out loud.
The dogs have lost the scent Mr. Pendergast. Maybe we should head back.
For once I'm glad you're rumor central. What in the world is going on.
Pendergast told me the killer extracts and eats the hypothalamus and thalamus of the victim's brains.
Eats them.
Dr. Whittlesley was last seen in Belem Venezuela a week after the rest of his expedition disappeared. A taxi driver drove him to the harbor where he boarded a cargo boat. That boat washed up in my district. Everyone on board was killed.
How did you know that.
I don't know.
They're all heavily armed.
It's not supernatural. Mbwun is an animal. Part lizard part human a genetic freak of some kind like the half-goat half-sheep they found last year in the jungles of Vietnam.
But what can we do. Our guns are useless 
For what.
I can't.
I want to book a flight to Fiji.
It's the busy season.
Yes everything you see on the show is for sale - from the actors' wardrobe food products to the very homes they live in
There's nothing on the show I don't use myself.
Who are you.
A show - that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions.
<i>A show.</i> Then who am I.
What's he doing.
They removed all physical trace of her but they couldn't erase the memory.
How can they have a child.
Well what do you want to do.
I'm thinking of getting out Marlon.
Truman you know I did think about moving away one time.
I figured what's the point. I knew I'd just be taking my problems with me. Once the kids came along it made me look at Seahaven with new eyes. I realized what the hell could be better than this. I'm telling you. What you really need is someone to carry on the Burbank name.
Sure. It's halogen. Shame it didn't hit you - you could've sued. You coming for a drink.
I've got to talk to you.
There's no point in trying to explain it but a lot of strange things have been happening - elevators that don't go anywhere people talking about me on the radio you know what I mean.
I figure we could scrape together eight thousand.
What's the hurry.
Blocked at every turn. Beautifully synchronized don't you agree.
No. You said Do something. Who were you talking to. Tell me.
When you get to Fiji.
Leak at the plant. They had to shut her down.
Who.
They're going to stop me talking to you.
How do you know about that.
And your teacher said You're too late Truman. There's nothing left to explore.
Good. Good.
Poopy day.
Yup.
Does what.
I hope to. We're working to develop this evidence 
No. Nowe need to try our vaccine on it.
Feds are looking for him too. Real nice business he's got huh.
I'm looking for anything out of the ordinary. Maybe something from the FEMA offices where the bodies were found.
I'm on the roof.
I think they have that covered.
Where are you Mulder.
Scully.
They have divided us Mulder. They're splitting us up.
I wake you.
No.
What are you implying Scully.
Go home Mulder. It's late.
Mulder what are you doing.
You're telling me the cause of death on the report is false. That this man didn't die from an explosion or from flying debris.
Mulder this is going to take some time and somebody's going to figure out soon enough we're not even supposed to be here. I'm in serious violation of medical ethics.
What kind of infection.
Mulder 
Cool in here. Temperature's being regulated.
What. What's wrong.
I can Mulder. I debated whether or not to even tell you in person because I knew 
What. What happened.
Scully
I think you're in anaphylactic shock 
Scully 
About what.
But it's not the lives we saved. It's the lives we didn't.
 if they want someone to blame they can blame me. Agent Scully doesn't deserve this.
I breached protocol. I broke contact with the S.A.C. I ignored a primary tactical rule and left him alone with the device.
Why are you telling me this.
And if it doesn't. By cooperating now we're but beggars to our demise. Our ignorance was in cooperating with the Colonists at all.
We've allowed this man his freedom. His books have actually helped us to facilitate plausible denial. Has he outlived his usefulness to us.
He hates me.
Miriam
I'd be there for him.
I don't need them anymore
There's always a chance they'll confess.
I realize that
The soul. The spirit. Whatever you want to call it.
With Stargher I saw things
Remember Julia Hickson is priority number one. Nothing else matters. Find out where she is.
When did he lapse into the coma.
What about the legalities of this.
I have to ask you some things Are you taking any prescription drugs.
I know your partner's here but it's very important that you're honest.
Agent Novak.
The dog's an albino. He'd love an animal like that.
I don't have to.
Don't understand what Harry saw in a fellow like that.
His own doctor.
I don't know. They didn't answer.
They're forged.
Oh what was the name of that doctor. Harry's doctor.
Sssh. Don't. Don't please.
Gestern bein heurigen
H-E-Z-T
Oh that was many years ago.
I'm so sorry.
Let's go away.
Harry.
Good evening Miss Schmidt. You remember me.
Thank you.
No.
What are you trying to say.
That is the racket Harry Lime organized.
be responsible for you in the streets.
Do you mind if I drop off somewhere on the way. I've got an appointment won't take five minutes
of Santa Fe.
What is it Sergeant.
leaving tomorrow sir.
Listen
Coffee.
Mr. Popescu is here tonight.
Not saw heardheard. I heard the brakes. Wham. And I got to the window and saw them carry the body to the other side of the erer Josephthat's Joseph Emperor Joseph Statue.
Could he have been conscious.
Kurtz.
Fer von mir aus gehen sie zur gansalt aber mich lassen sie aus mit der politzei.
Oh you did.
Funny.
Okay.
I'll share something with you.
Thank you sir. Thank you. I promise I will repay you.
You. You're the guy that lent me the money.
I don't think so.
Big.
We swim.
So on one you are rich on another poor. On one you are a murderer on another the victim.
Woman bites chicken leg turns out to be a mouse. Or a rat. It's an urban myth.
So there's an urban myth well more of a rural myth going around here at the moment. It's about a beach.
What's a fascist.
I rest my case. He's a Jewish Nazi. He always was.
They sound like you.
What do you like it here.
Do we have to listen to this shit.
Yeah. He's a respected scholar. Even No-am Chomsky says he 
I want to learn to read it.
Why not.
With you there's a tragic dimension.
V'asitem lechem pessel to-monat. And make no graven image of the Lord or the form of any figure or of man or woman or beast or fowl or fish or anything that looks like anything. Because He's not like anything. Not only can't you see Him or hear Him you can't even think about Him. I mean what's the difference between that and Him not existing.
I told you I'm good at this.
You gotta get out of here.
Carla. It's me DannyDanny Balint. We met at that[meeting at your house.]
Shema yisrael adonai elohenu adonai echod.
I thought we agreed no anti- Semitismit's exactly what we're trying to put behind us. Trash the blacks fine; but
You wouldn't announce it.
I agree.
The Jews are different. Blacks are disgusting and inferior but it's like criticizing a retarded child. The Jews area poison in the human well.
And Jewish men like to get it.
So fine it's not that the Jew the Jews own the media and the banks. It's that they're sexually corrupt.
Of course they're Jews.
It's slander. It's reckless disregard. I'll sue you and your fucking Jew paper.
What were you following me.
Yeah and what are you. A <i>Times</i> man. A Presbyterian. Impotent. A prick.
To hear them read Torah.
That doesn't mean I don't like hearing it.
I can't help what I think.
You mean the <i>Times</i> guy.
A forty-five.
No.
What part of Germany are you people from.
Without blood a willingness to spill it there's no real power no authority.
You mean Ilio Manzetti.
What is happening.
No I don't admit it's stupid.
I'm not here to talk about religious law if you don't like 
Ah Jesus Christ Danny how can you wear that thing. You know what it means. To your people
The Polacks. From Sacred Heart.
I'm doing a piece on right-wing groups post Oklahoma City. I hear you're an important figure in those circles. You have a lot of interesting ideas.
Who knows what that is.
Shut up. Fuck you.
Open it up.
I'm sorry Danny. It won't happen again. I'm going to use a brand-new power cell. Plus we'll have a back-up timer.
They don't. I checked twenty times. Somebody must have talked.
Who even knew.
What about you. What are you doing. Something strange I bet.
I'm in a kind ofundergroundthing.
Lie on your stomach and come up on your elbows.
I'm a bad shot. I don't think I can 
I didn't. I told you I can't 
Who's this.
Fund-raising.
Oh fuck you
None whatsoever. But I have to admit I'm not terribly surprised.
Yes.
I thought it was Spanish that you spoke.
Yes. Of course. Very wise.
You're right. You're fired.
Where did you two meet.
Sinister is what I'd call it. Ours is so much cheerful. Why don't you come and stay with me There's plenty of room in my suite.
What are you doing here.
He can learn. He is learning.
Don't.
Because he won't understand and it will just hurt you Jacques has been put on earth by complete mistake. And he's only waiting for one thing: that some God up there will turn him into a fish. How long has that moron been down there.
Five minutes and fifty seconds.
Yes.
Noireuter.
And where did you say you were from.
No.
Exactly I mean after all we're men.
People say that.
No no.
You don't need a stretcher to take her with you. You know that don't you.
No. Thank you. It's really beautiful.
Enzo Enzo. Congratulations.
 How long was I asleep.
We saw each other a little while ago.
But what brought you to Sicily.
No no. You'll like it. It's superb.
I don't know why.
You jumped in.
I'm glad you stayed. Thank you.
How do you know that.
How are you.
And you.
You'll try again tomorrow.
 When you dive with that machine What does it feel like.
Why don't you ask me.
Uncle Louis.
What.
How was your trip.
It's his heartbeat.
Okay listen just get the custom's office to send me a copy as fast as possible. We can't send you new equipment until our file is complete. Okay.
Wait. Professor.
Alright Mordechai now that we're alone I just want to say that I'm not happy about this. I don't want a repeat of that incident in the West Bank.
What do you want me to do.
Well for starters we're going to honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then when we get back Morty's been talking about taking a stable good paying job as a consultant for the JDL.
Want to get a drink.
Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some Manischewitz. The black label.
Well I have news for you mom. It is good enoughI'm good enough and I won't leave here until I hear you tell me
Okay what's the information.
Anything else.
What's wrong with him.
Listen cat I'll have you know that I hate the taste of watermelon and am a terrible basketball player.
What's going on. Why'd he stop.
Why do you ask so many questions. What difference does it make how Carlos and I feel. Feeling does not buy clothes and houses.
They don't say it to me.
Sure.
Who.
The death card - -
See you tomorrow —-
Pedro is waiting for me too.
It's to remind people of the great tragedy that took place here so that they won't ever forget that a peaceful village of Indians was wiped out by the Conquistadores back in the 17th Century A band of monks buried the dead and prayed for them and did penance for their deaths —— that's what this procession is supposed to be.
Yes. I want to go out and patrol the town - be everywhere at once - be sure nothing happens to anybody.
Of course. It's the way any decent man would feel in your position.
Charlie and I were talking. That's one reason I wanted to see you.
Don't you want to see the rest of the exhibit.
Couldn't you tell a man like that when you saw him.
Of course. Only I'm afraid you'll be cheated. There isn't much of a view of the procession here.
I thought they came right past here ——
That's a fact isn't it.
Look Kicks have I ever done anything to hurt you.
No —— not yet.
Who was the other man.
You're positive of that aren't you.
I know Teresa -—
Ain’t nobody out there Mister.
I’m afraid they are out at the moment sir.
I work here sir. I’m here most of the time.
Appearances can be deceptive Mrs De Moraes.
I’m afraid I have bad news Mr De Moraes. I have reason to believe your brother’s in trouble.
The question now is whether or not your brother still owns anything Mrs De Moraes.
You watched the tape. Friedman and his people don’t just provide little kids and videotapes Mrs De Moraes. They’re in the import-export business. They run hotels here in London which they probably use as ware- houses and ports of call for their merchandise.
Huh. Really. Hotels.
I’m really sorry you were not called
Tell me did he kill his little victims too.
Kids are not your thing Deborah. You’d have been ready for me when I turned up with ‘Sleeping Beauty’. Damn it. Then too I should have paid more attention. “Not Leon” you said. It struck me at the time but obviously not hard enough. You didn’t say ‘My God.’ or whatever else well-bred ladies squeak on hearing Uncle Henry misbehaved. “Not Leon.” Who then. You sure were right about one thing Deborah the job was too formidable for me. I should have thought a little more before I left for Los Angeles. But there I was focused so hard on Friedman I’d stopped thinking. Nothing added up - Leon soliciting money for prints while buying kids at £15000 a go; infiltrating the world of child traffickers; duping Friedman into selling him a little boy You sure were right. The job was too formidable for me. But you knew that didn’t you.
Why did you send me after Friedman. To atone for your sins.
I didn’t know my husband and Friedman knew each other. I just Do you think we spoke about it. I’ve known for five years. He’s known I’ve known for five years But not once have we spoken about it. There are things one just doesn’t speak about
What was the idea. Husband is filled with fear when he learns his child supplier’s being tailed.
Do you think we’d let him get away with the murder of my brother.
The staff don’t know yet I called my parents told them everything I just couldn’t take any more
What do you suggest.
Penrhyndeudraeth North Wales.
Yeah. Goodnight Emily.
We’re both thinking the same thing right.
What about an untrained pup white
Who are you.
Yes. Friedman’s the fuckin’ Austrian.
I don’t know This is just a delivery place man. I swear I don’t know where the kids are I work for Martin that’s all. Martin knows. He works for Friedman. He knows
Does Mr Gluck call for his messages.
Piss off.
Didn’t you say I came recommended. That’s what I thought. May I know by whom.
I didn’t mean to imply you did Mrs Spitz.
Any friends.
The £1000 is on account.
Why do you think your son chose not to come to you for funds for his photography Mrs Spitz.
The room’s yours for 24 hours. It’s sound- proofed stocked up with food drink and other things you might find useful. You can do anything you like.
Let’s go.
It’s about the puppy. You got the money.
Will you be alone. The merchandise. Is it just you or
This is private property. The public footpath is back to the left of the bridge.
Shut up. Where’s your wallet.
Should I be.
Leon’s not here. How did you get here. Phil doesn’t know where I live.
Good reasons.
That’s what he said. I tried to dissuade him Told him I couldn’t take on another child that he’d get into trouble I mean people who sell children But he wasn’t listening I guess he finally found himself a crusade His family think he’s back on drugs eh. Huh Leon did drugs. A lot of drugs. Went through his self-destruct phase you know. Things to come to terms with. Demons to fight Some people’s minds are gloriously uncomplicated. Not Leon’s. He did beat the drug though. He did.
They’re German Jews. Came here before the war. They both lost all their families in extermination camps but they themselves never went near one. The idea that his family wealth was started with money he believes should have gone to camp survivors has been haunting Leon. It’s not guilt more of a curse And then there’s something about his parents being involved with Nazi hunters But I think that’s just one of Leon’s dark delusions
You sure. What about before he turned up with the boy.
Los Angeles.
I take it you don’t know where he is then.
Huh. You could always try Suicide Bridge. You don’t know Leon do you.
Who. I don’t know who the fuck you’re talking about sunshine.
Why did you kill him.
What you gonna do. Kill me.
Moreau. C’est moi. Alors
We have to do something before she tries it again. I beg of you my lord don't let her down let me organize an escape
Jean it's it's not so easy
What do you fear most now my sword.  or his hands.
This I can do. I was studying at the University of Paris till the English invaded it.
Jeanne calm down. You can't blame the people they've been hearing all about you for weeks.
Well
Yes. Yes I'm fine We need more brushwood. Why are you staring at me like that.
But how do you know what you hear is the truth.
The truth is always simple it's you Jean who's making things complicated.
No but
Did you come back to marry me or to insult me.
I I don't understand
Jeanne's alive.
But I promised Jeanne we'd fight on.
Is it true that you launched an attack on Paris.
And didn't you order the citizens of Paris to surrender the city in the name of the King of Heaven.
I can't read.
Do you have a sword.
Yes but
Don't worry about me just stay in here and don't move.
But where are you going to be.
I will hear you but not now not here.
Who are you.
Jeanne you are not helping yourself. If you don't answer our questions properly your refusal will be taken into account.
Not long ago
Praying.
Many things
He's feeling wonderful.
And your Duke. The Duke of Bedford.
Not so well I regret to say. This business with the Maiden it's caused him endless grief and torment. That's why he's entrusted me with the task of shall we say
Mmmm. Yes. I know for example the sickness that plagues your heart. I know how painful it is for you to have loved a father without ever knowing if he really was yours.
Ah Jeanne come here. This whole coronation idea of yours is a fiasco nothing is ready
Get them out of here.
Your majesty I urge you not to see this woman. It all reeks of a Burgundian trap.
My dear loyal Tremoille I know I can count on you
When you saw your king for the first time was there an angel over his head.
His face.
I'm more interested in what he says not what he looks like.
But if the devil were to take on the physical appearance of a saint or an angel or a man how would you recognize him. By what he said.
Wait wait
Because if they don't I'll raise such a war-cry against them that they will remember us forever.
And what does Jeanne think.
Clear.
You look disappointed Isn't this what you wanted.
Jeanne if you don't mind I'll stay standing this armor it's a nightmare to get back up
No.
What are you doing out here.
I I'm leaving I can't take anymore
They're going to come and visit you in here.
God asked you to do something.
In His name.
Let all who love me follow me Where does God get mentioned. Come on Jeanne be honest. You fought for yourself in your name.
Why are you doing this to me. Do you get pleasure from hurting me.
Because because I don't know what else to do to please him.
A beauty. Who is she.
Dorota.
I'm sorry - I was given this address. I'm looking for a Mr  a Mr Dzikiewicz.
Will I still be able to play.
For what. For my tie.
Where do you want me to go. Look at me. No no I'm not leaving. Can't I take my chances here.
Halina.
Who's recruiting.
Someone's got to do it Henryk.
Yes I'm looking at you and that's why I'm here. Your whole family can have a better life. You want to go on struggling for survival selling books on the street.
What's that mean no employment certificate.
Yes but what good did it do.
I thought you'd be off on tour playing London Paris New York.
I have to say you look terrible. What's the trouble.
I've been trying to get a certificate of employment for my father. I've managed to get certificates for me and the rest of the family but I need one more for my father. I've been trying all the firms the shops
I didn't know you were in the certificate business.
Fine we're fine in the circumstances. But I can guess what you've called about. There's nothing we can do; they won't reopen the station
not even music nothing no radios for the Poles. But I'm sure you'll find work Wladek a pianist like you.
I treat you like dirt because you are dirt.
They're going to start the final resettlement now. We know what it means. We sent someone out. Zygmunt. A good man. His orders were to follow the trains out of Warsaw. He got to Sokolow. A local railwayman told him the tracks are divided one branch leading to Treblinka. He said every day freight trains carrying people from Warsaw forked to Treblinka and returned empty. No transports of food are ever seen on that line. And civilians are forbidden to approach the Treblinka station. They're exterminating us. Won't take them long. We're sixty thousand left. Out of half a million. Mostly young people. And this time we're going to fight. We're in good shape. We're organised. We're prepared.
Have a favour to ask. I want to get out of here.
It's a little cut nothing.
Where are you hiding.
I've got another one. Warmer. What will you do when it's all over.
No sound at all.
Well that is a strong opinion.
She lives her own life in New Jersey America.
Someone died here. It's tapu.
And what does this do to our bargain. I cannot afford the piano if you mean me to pay.
Wash them again.
She says throw the piano overboard.
Oh no it can't come now.
I'm lookin' for a guy on the lam from a counterfeiting rap. Thought he mighta come in here.
What's the line on Visitation.
I gotta. Look I run some slots down in West Bend for a mob here. I got a little behind on my payoffs so they figure I been holdin' out on 'em. They gave me to 4:00 to come up with the cash. I don't get it there I'm dead.
Twist you know this guy.
I had some appointments.
Salino. Why waste our best people on a small-time job like this. It ain't no heavy gee we're after. The guy's a five and dime grifter.
Wasn't no problem a mine.
You ain't gonna have nothin' if you don't lay off them games of chance. There's a depression on ya know.
Doyle can I see you a minute.
Which one.
What do ya want the others to get.
I know I give him four threes. We can't let him get away with that.
You want the stuff tomorrow or don't ya. It's gonna take hours just to clean it up. Besides Gondorff's still a hot item. Where am I gonna be if he gets hit.
We bought ya a tap into Moe Anenberg's wire. He's got eyes at every track in the country. You'll get race results odds scratches pole positions everything; and just as fast as Western Union gets 'em.
Glad to meet ya kid. You're a real horse's ass.
I'm sorry about Luther. He was the best street worker I ever saw.
Aw I conned a Senator from Florida on a stocks deal. A real lop-ear. He thought he was gonna take over General Electric. Some Chantoozie woke him up though and he put the feds on me.
Aw right he runs the numbers outta the south side.
Everything go all right.
No.
All we need is a couple days Henry. A couple days and we'll get Lonnegan down and stomp on 'em.
Just a little nervous that's all.
We'll use the wire. Never known a gambler who wouldn't like to beat the ponies.
He usually plays with a Royal or a Cadenza. I got you one of each. He likes to cold deck low 8's or 9's.
Raise 1000.
What for. I haven't done anything.
Then I'm afraid we'll have to impound your money until we're sure that it's all good. Can I see your wallet and your ticket please.
It'll only take 20 minutes or so. You can pick it up at the window down the hall.
I'm sorry really I am but my train leaves in ten minutes.
You done.
It isn't any better.
She don't work here no more. I'm fillin' in for a couple days till I can get a train outa here.
You move right along don't ya.
Tomorrow after 4:00. Stay inside I'll come in and get ya. And be hard on him for a while; he's talking money.
Aw come on Hooker why don't you just
Sometime after 1:00 a guy's gonna call here and give you the name of a horse. All you do is take this two grand across the street to Shaw's place and bet it on that pony. There's nothin' to it but don't take too much time. We only have 3 or 4 minutes after you get the call.
You're a lucky man all right.
You stayin' in or not.
What is this. That's my money. You tryin' to muscle me.
A week's a long time friend. Anything can happen. All of it bad.
You got nothin' on me.
I could come up with 750 grand in a day if I had a reason to.
But who says you will. I got a guy I can depend on. He's liquidating everything he has for this. You wouldn't even give Carver his money back.
I need more proof that's all. Anybody can get lucky once.
I'll need a room over there that faces this way. How much a week.
He'll never do it.
Wel-l-l it seems he has a secretary.
What's the matter darling not sweet enough.
Why did that man want to kill him.
And don't ever try to see me again.
Do you think I care
Give it to me.
You just want money and you haven't any right to any more. He made a big settlement on you.
How did you ever remember me.
Macaulay.
There.
Don't lie to me.
Hello Dorothy.
He'll still be your son-in-law.
And he still wants to marry me.
Yes.
Why not. You had a perfectly good motive.
I never saw him before.
Who's is it.
Fifty will still get you a hundred.
Are you kidding.
About three.
Don't mind what she says Chris.
You wouldn't do that you wouldn't.
We're just having a little drink.
Who's that man.
That's a fine thing to throw up to me after all I've been to you.
Is there a Mr. Macaulay in the house. Oh it's you.
Oh he's sitting up.
I wish you'd count them. There's a thousand dollars there.
Is Julia going with you.
How are you.
Hello. oh just a minute. Police department.
Last night. He came to see me at my apartment.
I gotta talk to you. I want you to tell me something and I want you to give it to me straight. Get me.
I haven't seen her in three months. We were all washed up.
Why tell me.
He's dragged me into every gin mill on the block.
I think I would like that drink. I'll give you your Christmas present now if you'll give me mine.
Sure I don't even feel it.
Did I give it to you.
Philadelphia. Then he didn't do it did he Nick.
Oh it's a fire hydrant.
Sit down.
I want you to stay and find Wynant.
I did find him.
What do you mean.
It was his body that was buried there.
Why are you saying it.
Somewhere's where they might go out and leave the safe open.
Where are you going.
What do you figure it to be.
Otherwise whatever we're looking for could be anywhere.
I don't know. There's a lot of space up here. They could be just about
You've had your say Wes. Now leave it.
You got no reason to do that.
Stop it.
I don't care what he says he wanted our gold. Would have slit our throats if he had the chance.
You don't know that.
Wes
What are you doing.
Knock it off.
Blow me.
Yeah the deed to the Brooklyn bridge.
This is stupid. It's going on a month now. How long are they going to let the Air Force piss on those bastards. They can bomb them all they want Saddam ain't going anywhere without a ground assault. What the hell is the army waiting for.
They finally start the ground war and where are we. Same place we've been since we got here. Securing freedom for the dirt.
It's war. People get lost all the time in war cut off
Now this is war.
Wh-what do you think
Figure they don't want to mess with us anymore than we want to mess with them.
Steady it out.
You didn't step on any mine.
Where you going.
My leg is falling asleep.
I'm the one who can feel my leg and it's falling asleep.
Me and Wes each going take an end of the rope run our asses of and yank you off the mine.
You're not losing trust are you.
I wouldn't know. I never imagined this. Not in my whole life did I ever imagine this.
I don't see how that plan's any better.
What the hell took so long.
Getting cold.
Well.
I don't know. Something Wes had taught me. I think it means Don't shoot. We're your friends.
II never killed anyone before. I told you that.
What do we do.
What do we do.
I don't know.
Damn it. We lost the horses.
You lie in the middle of the road look like you're hurt. When the car stops I run over to the driver and put a gun to his head.
Yeah but why me. What if the car doesn't stop.
Thanks.
Don't shoot me I'm friendly. You can use that when you surrender.
And you're the guy who's going to open it.
What.
What.
It's real. I'm telling you it's real.
Yeah. Yeah.
You two don't even know how crazy you are. You want to go on your sick little treasure hunt then go ahead but mark me absent.
Jesus. What the hell did he do that for. They're Iraqis. Why are Iraqis killing Iraqis.
So.
Funny you should say that while we're out looking for gold.
With what. He doesn't have a weapon.
Hurry up.
Don't go.
Nownow I'm sorrydon't - don't.please. It's just I was happy. Why get me involved. You told SEN that you weren't satisfied with me.
Three. I'm going to be late for my shift.
What are you doing.
You don't know. You don't.
It's all right now shhhh it's all right.
I thought you were through with it.
We're leaving.
Wait. I'll talk to him.
What are you doing here.
What was that.
This one has eyes. Why did they leave your eyes. Could you ever.
Nono you're wrong.
Hey that's the guy-
Who the heck're you.
Where did you get this.
What.
Treat. We treat devices.
Only once at Redstone.
What's up.
Catch that alert. That's him in the U-Haul.
Whadaya mean.
We've lost brothers too we know what that's like.
What is that.
Looks like the stuff my dad used to use to blow up tree stumps back in Scranton.
Know what the problem is kid. You're too ugly to get propositioned.
Why don't you just shoot it and put it out of its misery.
She didn't work out had to cut her loose.
P.E.T.N 
Take it down to the Bomb Squad Artie-
Sir
Diamonds all over.
M'sieu Laval M'sieu Filiba would like very much to see you.
Why did you let this man in M'sieu Filiba.
The representative of the police wants to know if there is anything wrong with your tonsils.
What did you talk about.
But before I say goodbye I want to ask you one question: Have you ever been in Venice.
Amsterdam.
You're looking fine Major.
Ogilvie and Oglethorpe.
You must be related to the Lavals of Marseilles.
M'sieu Laval I have enjoyed the confidence of this family
What is it.
Good day Doctor.
No no no. I disagree with you absolutely. That's the trouble with you artillery men.
Don't stop. Keep right on complaining. It's beautiful.
The pepper too.
No thank you.
And take the twenty thousand francs 
What.
Beautiful. And what of it. Let me tell you something: so far as I'm concerned her whole sex appeal is in that safe.
Oh no darling. There's <u>more</u> sex appeal coming on the first of the month. It's only ten days  Eight hundred and fifty thousand francs.
<u>Auf</u> <u>wiedersehn</u>.
Are you insane. You've to get out of here at once. She may come back any minute.
Yes.
You know the main staircase in the opera.
Please Madame Colet I believe in doing things correctly. Shall we continue. Two hairpins one cigarette lighter one box of real matches and Oh yes this letter from Major
Naturally I did.
Oh.
You think that's too much.
Madame Colet I think you deserve a scolding. First you lose your bag
Well we'll have breakfast in the garden.
Noyours madame.
You're conceited
<u>Now</u> <u>let</u> <u>me</u> <u>tell</u> <u>you</u>
Thirty-three
I wouldn't say anythingI would act.
It would be a terrible scandal wouldn't it.
Wonderful But tomorrow morning if you should wake out of your dreams and hear a knock and the door opens and there instead of a maid with a breakfast tray stands a policeman with a warrantthen you'll be glad you're alone.
Yes Madame Colet.
Has Mademoiselle Gautier gone.
I'm sorry madame but there are still certain matters which I think you should attend to yourself. And I personally would not care to refer them toto
You know what Paris is saying about the Countess Falconier and her chauffeur.
Please. Thank you.
You see Oh not a word to M'sieu Laval.
About what.
Welluhyes and no.
I'll do my best madame even if I have to work every night.
Well in times like these most people are cutting salaries but suppose we say in your case three hundred and fifty.
Let me give you a little advice. When you embrace him be sure to put on your gloves. It would be too bad if your fingerprints were found 
Because I hate himbecause I love you.
No. I'll do this with or without your help sir. But without will take longer.
Take the elevator to the very bottom go left down the crewman's passage then make a right.
Stay off the floor. Don't stir it up like you did yesterday.
Rush her.
That's the shape my hand's gonna be when I hold that thing. You understand. I'm not leaving here without it.
There's a satellite call for you.
I told you you wanted to take this call.
So this is the ship they say is unsinkable.
Honestly Cal if you weren't forever booking everything at the last instant we could have gone through the terminal instead of running along the dock like some squalid immigrant family.
I was leaning way over to see the ah propellers. And I slipped and I would have gone overboard and Mr. Dawson here saved me and he almost went over himself.
I see you had that undertaker of a manservant follow me.
What do I tell your mother.
You're precious to me Rose.
This should be amusing.
Just a soupcon of lemon it improves the flavor with champagne.
'Cause you're goin' to America. Full house boys.
We've struck ice.
Jack.
That's not what I was thinking. What I was thinking was what could have happened to hurt this girl so much she though she had no way out.
Penguin. Oh Cal. He is them.
And.
Alright we're going. We'll drink cheap beer and go on the rollercoaster until we throw up and we'll ride horses on the beach right in the surf but you have to ride like a cowboy none of that side-saddle stuff.
I saw that in a nickelodeon once and I always wanted to do it.
I don't know the steps.
That was a long one. My father used to say that whenever you saw one it was a soul going to heaven.
Cal insist on lugging this thing everywhere.
He's an ex-Pinkerton. Cal's father hired him to keep Cal out of trouble to make sure he always got back to the hotel with his wallet and watch after some crawl through the less reputable parts of town
No don't say your good-byes Rose. Don't you give up. Don't do it.
I don't think I've ever seen such a flat calm in 24 years at sea.
Yes sir.
Wait. Can you give us something go on here. Like who had access to the safe. What about this Lovejoy guy. The valet. Did he have the combination.
Any woman's crazy to feel about a man the way I do about you.
It would be a nice change from you.
I didn't ask you to come away with me
And when you do I'll convey your respects by wireless to Herbert. Take it easy Leeno other woman'll ever get you. At least I'm honest when I tell you there must be something pretty low down in mebecause I like you. You're such a swine.
Did you find it.
No-o.
Stick-up. Needed dough to get ashore.
Where have you been hiding.
Veryyour mother.
Yesis it all right if I come like this.
Make it five.
Not herefollow me around the shed.
We coulda got two third-class.
It'll never hurt you-Got any money.
A dollar seventy and I'm gonna keep it.
Shortie.you know my motto.
Inspector McKinney.
Are you screwy.
Thank you sir.
Here's your fifty.
I don't know what it is but I won't use it. Is she entertaining you.
Very clear. That's one favor I'll be glad to do you.
Wait a minuteI think I can cut something else out. Back in four weeks. Instead of in four weekssay next monthThat saves another word.
June. That's my wife's name.
What.
Knots.
I thought I put you to bed.
Not yet. Say where is this boat headed for.
Well I'll tell youwe picked him up about a year ago but could never pin anything on him.
I didn't
Am I a member of this club.
You're the President. Come in. Your brother was just telling me a few jokes I can use on the radio
SwellYou've got Times Square right hereall but the noises
Yepspending lots of time aboardyou see Sally I sold this Transatlantic idea to the shipping company.
I get itLee Lother have a hand in that too.
I don't get the humor of that remark.
Oh Mr. Den-n-by.
All rightdon't spoil the trip with any of those jokes there's a nice bunch of people on this tripnothing but classI looked over the passenger list and they're all members of the Who's Who.
Oh Mr. Denby I wrote a poem about a bracelet
You've got a gun haven't you Chad. Will you let me have it.
What for.
How much did you lose.
About twelve hundred.
That's more like the old Sallya little bit of fire. How about Ned.
Yes Yes.
S'pose you've never thought of killing him
Say Thanks very much.
Thank you.
Nothin'.
That's Wyatt Earp. Made quite a Name for himself as a peace Officer in Kansas.
My man. You told Wyatt you'd Disarmed those men. Do you Actually believe after that I Could see you as my man. You're Just a dirty little fixer.
No Marshal you don't understand. I'm through with lawing I'm Through with the whole Proposition. Forever. I did my Duty now I'd like to get on with My life. That is if you don't Mind. Jesus. Good day now.
I calculate that's the end of This town. And let's don't bother About the luggage darling.
You know damn well who I mean. That dusky-hued lady Satan.
He's drunk.
That's great coming from you.
What is it.
Oh Now she's starting. How do they know.
Wouldn't you. You're laughing. I Was sure you never laughed.
You see that bird at the faro Table. That's Johnny Tyler. He Barged in here one day said he Was takin' over the game started Slappin' customer wavin' his Gun around scarin' off all the High-class play. Only trade comes In here now's just bummers and Drovers just the dregs.
Really. You sure.
Admit what I'm an opium fiend. No Wyatt I just said I need it. I need something to keep me warm At night.
Isn't there anything I can say That'll change your mind. You're Gonna stay with your new friends.
No wait. Please. I know nothin' I say'll fix things but I want You to know it wasn't me.
Wyatt meet Fred White he's town marshal.
I am usin' it Wyatt. Been Wonderin' how the hell we got in This tangle. You know they hit Clum's house too. Shot up his wife. His wife. Who ever heard of That. Men sneakin' around in the Dark back-shootin' scarin' Women. They're bugs Wyatt. You Know all your smart talk about Live and let live. Ain't no live And let live with bugs.
Here they are again. Look at 'em.
Wait till the liquor wears off. Once they start getting headaches They'll lose interest.
Ike Clanton Old Man's eldest Son. Know he ain't got the stuff Makes him miserable.
A piece of advice Mr. Bond: Don't screw with a man who buys ink by the ton. It's deadlier than uranium.
By the way - what is it that brings you to Kuala Lumpur Mister Bond.
Although it must be fun to have all those satellites.
They're merely tools to disseminate information.
You see Mr. Bond you and I are both men of action. But your era is passing. Words are the new weapons; satellites the new artillery. And make no mistake about it: In the right hands they can be as deadly as your Walther PPK.
Q. How are you.
Don't you think you're overreacting.
Oh James. I've missed you -
Plastique explosive shoelaces. Cut them to regulate the size of the blast; totally harmless until you attach the detonator hidden in the heel of your shoe.
I see
A wedding band What am I supposed to be able to do with this.
I think I've just seen my next future ex-wife.
Natalya.
Who knows. Fog night
- And I bet you always leave turmoil in your wake.
Actually I'm here on business. You might say it was a Golden opportunity.
I see my date is here. And I think Mr. Bond is ready to leave.
Do I have to do everything around here.
If I were you -
If it's radio controlled it'll break the code.
If not.
I'll give you a ring from Venice.
And what do you call these. The Gang of Two.
Is that Mandarin or Cantonese.
Your bankers want an answer about the Brazilian TV stations
Well. I do believe this requires further investigation.
Who is it.
I pay my own way.
You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son it is always you so you fix the roof.
I'm cold. I need to get out into the sunlight.
I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had but he needs discipline and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it.
What is a sip of coffee going to do.
He is just being like all parents concerned about the ones they love.
Like muddy waters.
It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like.
It was nip and tuck.
Doesn't he look a whole of lot better.
I need to get my suitcase out of the garage.
I'm going back home with Harry.
Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die.
Never play with someone's else's cards. You always get a new deck. Look at this card. See anything.
I could swear I heard my son call me.
This would be a bad time for me to leave.
Not anymore not in the city.
My mind plays tricks on me. Is it okay if I take a bath now.
You all act like two roosters.
What did you put on it.
My feet have never been on anything that wasn't directly attached to the ground.
You remember that boy who lost his mind Joe. You could hear him pitching horseshoes at night in the dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe. He would pick up a brick and say go on in there brick and hit somebody and it would find its mark.
Hattie is a different person now.
There is something that I always wanted to know. Tell me how did those boys die.
I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick.
How many people do you all feed.
Now I was trying to be nice to make conversation since we go back some.
Is this your house.
I appreciate you lending me a hand. That lazy ass brother of mine was suppose to help me.
I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful.
Wow. Cool.
You can bring ONE toy
But Mom I can't find him.
Well honey just grab some other toy. Now c'mon.
Can I help pump the gas.
Hey. Wow.
Oh hey - it was nothing.
I need to repair my turbo boosters. Do you people still use fossil fuels or have you discovered crystalic fusion.
Well let's see we've got double A's 
T-O-Y. Toy.
And another thing. Stop with this spaceman thing. It's getting on my nerves.
You mean it has hyperdrive.
I sure hope this isn't permanent.
I can't help. I can't help anyone.
Yeah right.
What.
Well thanks for the ride.
Oh that is disgusting.
MOM. MOM.
No wait. You don't understand. Buzz is out there. We've gotta help him.
Hi ya fellas. To infinity and beyond.
It's too short. We need more monkeys.
This is it. This is it. Quiet quiet quiet.
Somebody's poisoned the water hole
Hey Slinky.
I can manage.
He's a pyjama case really.
I did like the music.
Is there anything else I should know about him.
He made that. In his off hours.
She'll have to learn.
Is that all.
You're not so old yourself.
Well yes. All right. But -
So did I.
So had I.
Juliet who.
One thing bothers me That kid they dropped off had coke and heroin in him. Serious amounts. He's lucky he lived. So I gotta ask: what's your daughter on.
He never came home last night. Was he with you.
How much.
Helena I'm so sorry 
Have you gone crazy. You are not Carl. You aren't as good as Carl. They are moving the trial to a high security location. The press has gone berserk. The jury will be influenced. Stay out of things. Let us try to win the case.
So you know we put the case before the arbitration panel none of whom had any expertise. Superfund is just one of those words. People stop paying attention.
This is different.
No I don't think so. Leave me alone give me money. That's what I get from our daughter. She has a way of shutting me out that seems very familiar.
I'm not the one who has to have three scotches just to walk in the door and say hello.
Did you tell Dad.
Not yet.
How. Supportive letters from prison while I'm being kicked out of our home. Do you have any idea what is happening out here. Our credit cards are maxed. The people at the bank you should see their faces when I walk in there. I have a letter from the government telling me that anything I sell from our house will be taken against an income tax lien. Our friends are behaving like the crowd at a public hanging. Nobody will help us. Nobody will take us in. Nobody wants anything to do with us. So tell me Carl how you're gonna make it up to me. Tell me again how we'll get through this and maybe while you're at it you can put your hand up against the glass so we can have a tender moment of connection.
Yes.
I volunteer. I read to blind people. One day a week for two hours.
What's that mean.
I have dreams about this actual dreams about busting the top people the rich people the white people.
Maradona is a cokehead. Hand of God my ass. We're wasting our time here.
You can learn a lot about somebody from this stuff. Three categories: you like me you hate me you want something from me. Definitely third category.
All the professionals keep them in the trunk.
You're kidding. Can't you shoot him or something.
You want to smuggle narcotics in Mr. Espastico Jacobo. That's nothing new.
Take this back with you. Deliver it safely to Tigrillo in San Diego and we have a deal.
An informant.
Does this offer include my partner.
I'm curious how you did this with such economy.
It's possible.
The busiest land border crossing in the world. Over forty-one thousand vehicles per day twenty-two thousand pedestrians on foot. I think we do a pretty good job but we know a lot of drugs are still getting through.
That triple the amount of stuff is going through.
What.
Let me ask you a related question. We've talked about the supply side but what about demand. What is your policy for treating addiction.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
Who do we interface with on their side.
The cards. The last thing I said to you was mind the cards.
I'll be right after you.
You've stabbed me man.
Do you find that this approach usually works or let me guess you've never tried it before. In fact you don't normally approach girls am I right. The truth is that you're a quite sensitive type but if I'm prepared to take a chance I might just get to know the inner you: witty adventurous passionate loving loyal a little bit crazy a little bit bad but hey don't us girls just love that.
Christ I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
Because it's illegal.
Easy for you to say.
I read it in Cosmopolitan.
Actually it's a nightmare. I've been desperate for a shag but watching him suffer was just too much fun. You should try it with Tommy.
Exactly. I'm not wanting a cat she says. Get to fuck right. So there's Tommy stuck with this kitten. You can imagine what happened. The thing was neglected pissing and shitting all over the place. Tommy was lying around fucked out of his eyeballs on smack or downers. He didn't know you could get toxoplasmosis from cat shit.
Nightmare.
Goldfinger's better than Dr. No. Both of them are a lot better than Diamonds are Forever a judgement reflected in its relative poor showing at the box office in which field of course Thunderball was a notable success.
I would say in those days he was a muscular actor in every sense with all the presence of someone like Cooper or Lancaster but combined with a sly wit to make him a formidable romantic lead closer in that respect to Cary Grant.
Roald Dahl.
So who else.
I don't rate that at all.
Yeah Beautifully fucking illustrated.
Oh no don't even mention it.
I got a good price for it. Rents I need the money.
That's fair enough.
Yes but then she finds out I've bought a ticket for Iggy Pop the same night.
I love people. All people. Even people that no one else loves I think they're OK you know. Like Beggars.
Then I shall make use of this starship.
Don't tell them you're lost. You'll never live it down.
What's going on.
Oh please.
Your orders are to proceed to Nimbus III assess the situation and avoid a confrontation if possible. Above all however get those hostages back safely.
No but you can bet they will.
Why didn't you beep my communicator.
Spock - What are you doing in this neck of the woods.
And that is.
I do not often think of the past.
You must allow us to act.
There you see. See.
There's got to be a way out of this place.
Hmmm.
Maybe he's not out there Bones. Maybe he's right here in the human heart Spock.
James T. Kirk Captain of the Enterprise.
We must change our course at once.
No special conditions.
Oh I cannot leave her now when she needs me the most.
They can't be serious. The ship's in pieces and we've less than a skeleton aboard.
Uhura I had the strangest dream. I dreamt that a madman had taken over the Enterprise.
Sybok we must find a way
Sherman set the Wayback Machine foroh 1973. Kevin Flynn is one of the brightest young software engineers at ICOM. He's so bright that he starts going in there at night and sets up a private memory file and begins writing a program for a video game he is inventing called Space Paranoids.
Great. Can it send me to Hawaii.
Come on in
oh you have Group 7 access don't you.
Yeah.
No it'll run independently. It can watchdog the MCP as well.
For sure
where's your program. Won't it miss you.
This honey doesn't handle so good in town
And I was planning to hit the Pentagon next week
Oh I know all that. Sometimes I wish I was back in that garage
Where did you hear that name.
Probably decided not to pursue us The Sea of Simulation is tricky. lot of illusionsrough navigating. Programs have a way of just disappearing here.
How did you do that Flynn.
It's all circuits Must be an input/output component
Sohow's the world of serious science.
Have you been sneaking into the ICOM system.
Well I it's just I don't know a User I mean Users wrote us. A User even wrote you
But-what if I can't.
New guy
I'm shocked.
Out. If Dad doesn't care enough about us to be here on his birthday then why should I care. I'm going to a movie.
You'd tell me if there was something wrong wouldn't you pumpkin.
Alright I want a complete workup on her. Do we know where she is.
And the second you left there we started getting calls to the					* ghost numbers. They were checking out the Renquist front.
Harry. HARRY.
Son of a bitch.
Twenty here fifty there I figured my wife's boyfriend was taking it.
You want me to just hang .
Just hang a minute.
Something to do with Helen is what I'm getting.
Is this national security stuff boring you.
Guy's a spook.
Is this a common thing for you. Cheating.
Very good. It's sixth century B.C. Do you like the period.
Oral hygiene.
I'll just be a second. So what happened tonight at the office.
It's the big client in Japan and it's the middle of the morning there and their whole system is crashed this guy's having a meltdown
What did you need.
Let me out of her. Right now.
No one must know. Especially him. You must appear to live your life normally conveying nothing. The security of this nation depends on it. Can you do that.
So last night was pretty exciting huh.
Are you a total lying scumsucking pig Harry.
What is it.
Isn't that hard to keep up in the long run.
You working on someone right now.
Beat it.
What.
I'm Helen Tasker. Harry's my husband. And you are.
Worse than Cairo.							*
Were they trying to kill you.					*
What is it you want me to do.
I don't know. I have to think
Did you get the letter.
Tell him not to eat anything. We're gonna scarf when we get there.
The letter I sent.
Bye-bye.
I'm the clumsiest person in the world.
The oriental.
I thought Sonny was the good guy.
Is that your real name. Really.
What's your favorite color.
What kinda music do you like.
I'm sure there must be something but I don't really remember. The only thing that comes to mind are Persians.
That's where trouble comes into paradise. But the boss let's you borrow some money if you need it. Wanna see what Spiderman number one looks like.
I didn't even know they had stores that just sold comic books.
Oh you look so cute as little Elvis.
Is he black.
Slapped her around a little. Punched her in the stomch. It was pretty scary.
Hello Mrs. Worley.
Where you goin' honey.
So I can go over there and pick up your things.
Is this a joke.
What.
Why Cancoon.
Shit any nigger say he don't eat pussy is lyin' his ass off.
Yeah.
You don't think I'm kissin' his ass do you.
Clarence.
You're really in love aren't you.
Yeah they do. And maybe when I start being a successful actor I'll know those guys. But most of the people I know are like me. They ain't got a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of. Now if you want to sell a little bit at a time -
What's to think about.
Get it straight Lee isn't into taking risks. He deals with a couple of guys and he's been dealing with them for years. They're reliable. They're dependable. And they're safe.
Well I guess it's about that time.
Yeah.
Say it goddamn it.
Apparently I'm not as dumb as you thought I am.
Oh Mr. Donowitz -
Where'd you go.
Apparently Drexl had a big toe stuck in shit like that.
If you don't hang around in this circle no reason it should.
Gangster. Drug Dealer. Somebody you don't want on your ass. Look Clarence the more I hear about this Drexl fucker the more I think you did the right thing. That guy wasn't just some wild flake.
I don't believe you.
I'm gettin' angry askin' the same question a second time. Where did they go.
Well Ted to tell you the truth I found out through the grapevine that it might be and I only said might be the Drexl Spivey that was responsible for that restaurant break-in on Riverdale.
Or a supporting actor -
Looky here you want the bitches to really fly high make your rocks with Cherry Seven-Up.
Naw man that's some serious shit.
I'm not gonna put that shit in my purse.
They won't search you. I promise. You haven't done anything.
Do you live here.
Wake up Cole.
To be determined by the proper authorities.
He's drugged out of his mind. He's completely zoned out.
But just until you recover your uh equilibrium.
Forced you. Why would someone force you to take drugs.
I have to go.
When I was a kid I identified with that kid down there alone in that pipea hundred feet down doesn't know if they're going to save him.
What do you mean when you were a kid.
Look I'm warning you. You do anything I'm going to go crazy hurt people.
No. I want you to turn yourself in James It'll go much better for you if you do but I'm not going to trick you.
No not really. It'sit's in my mind. Like you said.
James you said he was hiding in the barn
You had a bullet from World War One in your leg James. How did it get there.
No superiors. No scientists. No people from the future. It's just a Carpet Cleaning Company. They have voice mail you leave a message telling them when you want your carpet cleaned.
It's private.
Bulishit. You're fucking with my head.
JOSE.
Hey man
I said it was bad judgment. What else do you want me to say.
Kathryn you know he can't possibly know that. You're a rational person. You're a trained psychiatrist. You know the difference between what's real and what's not.
You're insane Jeffrey.
Please tell me Jeffrey what exactly are you going to do. I don't have to tell you I'm afraid.
Ex-psychiatrist. Now what about flashlights. How many flashlights.
Lost my eyes on Okinawa. Lost them fighting the war. Fought the war and lost my eyes just so you could come around here and make fun of me.
You sure got a lot of philosophy old man.
We was born to die boy. From the minute you take your first breath you got a death sentence hanging over your head. You just don't know where or when or how. Don't make sense worryin' about the particulars.
It is not.
And what are you. A rocket scientist.
We have a bus to Mexico. Arrives in two hours. Have to make a couple of connections but it will get you across the border.
Twenty-seven fifty. That's all I got.
Accident.
You got to be more careful. I remember one time
Just banged my head. It was an accident.
Hundred-fifty.
No charge.
Two-hundred.
Take it. As soon as I get my money. Fifty dollars for an almost new gasket. You don't know what kind of a deal you're getting.
What's it to you.
I don't want no dirty money. I run an honest business.
We ain't got no Beck's.
I had a fight with Jake. I I just wanted to get away for awhile. Mr. Stewart was kind enough to take me as far as Montrose. I'm going to take a bus to my sister's. I thought I'd stay with her for a few days.
Is that the way you want it boy. A bullet in the head in the middle of the desert. Ends like this and you won't be able to spend a dime of that blood money.
. . .at the very least. I know there was more than thirty-thousand dollars. Now how much did you get.
They look nice.
You didn't hear something.
My mother told me never to accept offers from strangers.
Do you have to call me that.
My cup runneth over beauti
What happened to your hand.
Oh this isn't my car. It's down a ways. I should have parked closer. I just didn't think it would be so heavy. I could drive up.
Yes I have.
Least you can leave.
Where you coming from.
All over. Chicago Miami Detroit. Just lately Albuquerque.
Those are white words not ours.
Beautiful.
I like them. I was sick of looking at this room. I think they add a little life.
Still playing.
Yeah I guess you're right.
You think Jake's going to give me money just so I can take you out of here.
He's got money. In a floor safe in the living room. I've never seen it but he talks about it all the time. More like brags. He loves his money. Wouldn't think of spending some of it on me.
Yeah a bird in a gilded cage.
Lied. What do you mean.
It's not like he's a young man. He's had time to live.
I thought you would be on your way to Vegas by now. Is there something you wanted.
Why. Am I making you hot or does the truth scare you.
I thought you couldn't leave. I thought you couldn't get your car.
I'm not sure where it is. Not exactly. I never saw it. I just heard him talk about it.
It's got to be here. I heard him talk about it. He bragged about it. Six steps out three left.
There's easily a hundred-thousand in there. More than that.
Yeah. Good thinking.
But you said we could be together.
Are you kidding. I'm not going down with you for killing a cop.
<u>We</u> killed Jake. And it's a big difference. You kill an old man that's one thing. Nobody cares about an old man. You kill a cop and they never stop looking for you. Never.
I swear to you that's all that happened. I haven't so much as set foot in your bedroom.
I have half a mind to
Live there.
Why would I kill her.
Just ran into a little trouble.
I'm surprised to see you. I thought you'd be halfway to Vegas by now.
I did.
And what does that make you.
No.
I hate loving her. I hate the kind of her person she is. I hate having to tolerate the little games she plays. I hate letting her use me. But I love her too much to do otherwise. And I certainly love her too much to kill her. I couldn't stand to watch her eyes roll back in her head as she sucks her last breath or to see her pretty pink brains spill from her skull. But you. You got the killing in you boy.
Wait a minute. Just listen to me
And then with Jake out of the way you could borrow two-hundred dollars. Or maybe two-thousand. Or twenty-thousand. Who's to stop you. Not Jake McKenna 'cause old Jake would be dead.
Is that what happened. Did you even make it out to the desert or did you just ply the afternoon between my sheets.
I've had time to get over it.
You're not from around here are you. Where you from.
You're too late Toby. We're going to get in his fancy car and ride off and leave you behind.
Toby Tyler it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off and I'm gonna have his love child.
Fine. I was making time with your girl. Now I'm all scared and I'll never make that mistake again. Now go away.
John what a surprise. I expected to be seeing you not talking to you over the phone.
A hundred-forty-five really.
Do you understand me you little fuck.
I think you might just want to do as I say.
Eh.
Don't call me old man. Ain't you got no respect boy.
Just 'cause I ain't got eyes doesn't mean I can't see.
Musta been some bad ass nuclear tests here in the 50's. This town's all inbreeding.
That's not the way it looked to me. Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her.
Let's seethey're not very imaginative.
Mister.
I'm leaving. You never have to see me again. Just please give me the ticket.
What the fuck do you want.
Oh. Darrell taking good care of you.
Talk. About what.
Sweet Grace. What about her.
I do.
I'm not rambling.
Come to think of it how 'bout some money upfront.
Hey Mister. You gotta quarter for the juke.
You like Patsy Cline. I just love her. How come I wonder she don't put out no more new records.
Harlin around.
Well you know so much why don't you just fix it yourself.
Hey.
To replace a goddamn radiator hose.
I don't know but it's the reason I'm living here and you're just passing through. Now you owe me a hundred-fifty dollars.
I don't have a goddamn credit card.
One of those days you feel like you been runnin' in circles and you ain't no closer to where you tryin' to get than when you started.
Listen Darrell about that hundred-fifty bucks for the car as soon as I get where I'm going I swear I'll
I don't give a fuck. I didn't tell you to do it. You can't just do unauthorized work.
What the fuck did you do to my trunk.
What you want.
Open up.
No.
I got it.
I just drove in this morning.
You've been around.
I didn't say it bothered me.
Nice place.
What do you do anyway.
Where'd you learn to do that.
A medicine man.
I'm guessing no.
I don't know how.
It's not that easy. Maybe you can take chances; maybe you can wander around like some stray wherever you please. I can't. I don't want to be alone. I need to know I'm going to be taken care of.
Honey baby I <u>can't</u>. I can't even get out of here <u>myself</u>. Believe it or not I need a lousy hundred and fifty bucks to get my car back from that crazy mechanic
Why. Am I making you hot or does the truth scare you.
I thought you couldn't get your car.
I came back for you; this morning I came back. Before I even knew about the money. You're what I want. The only reason I stormed off is because you spooked me talking about Jake. But I've had nothing but time to think about it. It keeps coming back to you and me and us getting the hell out of here. But we've got to get the money baby. We get the money I get the car then we get the hell out.
Grace Grace.
Hawaii. I've read all about it. I've dreamed of going there and just lying on the beach while the water licked up against my feet. Oh God. I'd kill to go there.
He was in love with you Grace. He would've done what you wanted you could've made a deal and 
Don't you want to know. I bet it's burning a hole in your brain just now.
You don't believe in anything do you Bobby.
That's a nasty cut you got there.
What'd you say to me.
But in particular.
Shasta. Now why'd you go and scare the nice man like that. Sorry about that mister. Let's see you want $3.25. You try to have a nice day now would you.
You fuck this guy get him to do your dirty work and you think you can take the money and dump me.
Goddamnit Virgil stop. Don't.
Yes yes hit mebeat me please.
Yeah I heard a key slapping against my ass.
Whoa what kind of accent you got there. You one of them Russians.
What did I say.
Yes.
Maybe it wasn't a specific moment maybe it
You've never been sick.
What's he talking about.
At the church You were following me weren't you.
Why is it do you think that of all the professions in the world you chose protection.
Okay I don't want to play this game anymore.
Stop messing with my life Elijah. My son almost shot me last night. He wanted to prove you were right.
I am. I'm helping him with the sale.
No.
I'm sleeping in my room.
I'm not scared.
YOU WON'T GET HURT
What a coincidence. I'm a male synchronized swimmer and I'm looking for representation.
You represent someone in Philadelphia.
Not really.
How are you feeling.
No.
Where is it.
You you ain't even gonna whip 'em.
If they was just here for the fuckin' how come they lit out the back window.
What wife. He don't have no wife.
He's coming ain't he.
Some big guy beat the shit out of me. I guess I must look a lot like you huh.
You don't look nothin' like me mister.
Three days. Are you hungry.
I brought your hat. You left it down at Greely's.
Are you really going to kill them.
Been a long time Bob. You run out of Chinamen.
Shut up Alice. Little Bill a whippin' ain't gonna settle this.
Damaged property. Like if I was to hamstring one of their cow ponies.
You figure nobody'll want to fuck her.
She could maybe clean up around the place or somethin' but nobody's gonna pay good money for a cut-up whore.
I didn't hear nothin' till last night.
You could run off them two cowboys.
The Duck of Death.
But he was called
Well that bullet whizzin' by panicked Corky an' he done the wrong thing. Pulled his gun in such a damn hurry he shot off his own toe. Meantime Bob aims good and squeezes off another but he's so drunk he misses again an' hits the thousand dollar mirror behind the bar. Well now the Duck of Death is good as dead 'cause this time Corky does right an' aims real good no hurry
They they killed him. I thought you know that. I thought you knew because
The questions Little Bill asked him what sort of questions was they.
What'd Ned say.
Didn't scare Little Bill though did it.
Oh.
Well now Kid there's two of these cowboys ain't that so. Better there's three of us maybe them cowboys got friends. Maybe
Now hold on boys hold on. Now Kid you kin see fifty yards can't you.
Well I don't recollect.
Better re-load it.
Yup.
Well I gu-guess they had it comin'.
You gonna take the money.
Are you Are you gonna kill Little Bill.
I never c-c-carry arms. I'm a writer.
Huh.
How long you gonna be Bill.
He musta been movin' right along.
Now Ned's a hell of a shot with a rifle. Hell he can hit a bird in the eye flyin'.
You you remember Eagle Hendershot.
Jesus Bill you got fever. Take a drink will you.
Easy Bill.
I seen the angel of death Ned an' I seen the river. He's a snake he got snake eyes.
I seen her I seen Claudia too
No I meant
K-k-kill somebody.
Say Ned .
How many men you killed. Ain't you gonna answer.
He didn't even pull his pistol huh.
Depends what he told you. About Bill you mean.
We'll bury him.
An' if I spot 'em.
I'll ride up close an' shoot 'em.
We know but our man says no way on the dope. This Hungarian tells me the whole bunch was pulling stumps for Turkey the next' day. They had no time to negotiate that kind of product and no means to move it.
Keyser Soze
I'11 have this thing in front of a grand jury by Monday.
They want more time to think about investing.
They ruined me tonight.
I know who he is.
Come on. The guy is a pipe dream. This Kobayashi is using him for window dressing .
DON'T MOVE YOU FUCKERS.
I know you. You don't think I know you're on the take. This whole fucking precinct is dirty. You don't have a fucking leg to stand on.
I wanted to talk to you. The other guys -
Don't hurt me.
Some guy in California. His name is Redfoot.
I'11 be alright.
Fenster and Hockney.
Don't do this. Send her a card - something.
Keaton I can't just -
Don't jerk me off. We all know what this is. You don't work with me if I work with you without knowing who I'm working for. Now let's cut the shit. Who's the man.
What about Redfoot.
When does he post bail.
He won't go into the interrogation room.
Someplace else then.
Even if I was to let you talk to him he won't talk to you. He's paranoid about being recorded and he knows the interrogation rooms are wired
No no no no no.
Oh I know. Sweet deal you have. Total immunity .
He didn't have my lawyer.
Heartwarming. Really I feel weepy.
There was a lawyer. Kobayashi.
Came from Redfoot.
Where's your head Agent Kujan. Where do you think the pressure's coming from. Keyser Soze - or whatever you want to call him - knows where I am right now. He's got the front burner under' your ass to let me go so he can scoop me up ten minutes later. Immunity was just to deal with you assholes. I got a whole new problem when I post bail.
So why play into his hands. We can protect you.
This is totally irrelevant.
Oh but it's not. If I hadn't been nailed in Illinois for running a three card monte in between sets I never would have took off for New York. I never would have met Keaton see. That barber shop quartet was the reason for everything.
What call.
Wait a minute.
This is all bullshit.
Where are you going to go Verbal. You gonna run. Turn states evidence. You might never see trial. If somebody wants to get you you know They'll get you out there.
Yes.
How good's your intelligence.
This is a nuisance suit. He's looking for small change. He's asking for six hundred thousand and betting we don't want to go to court.
No. Absolutely and we're going to see that it is not.
That was our insurance company's recommendation.
I was her doctor.
Well many reasons actually
Well we
Yes.
to get her heartbeat back.
almost nine minutes causing brain damage.
I'm sure it is but this is Massachusetts Doctor. Certified in Internal Medicine.
Neurology.
What book is that.
`Methodology and Techniques of Anesthesiology.' Yes.
Mr. Concannon.
It's a crime.
I wouldn't do it.
You would not.
In fact you've just taken an oath that you would not commit perjury. You've just sworn to that. Isn't that right.
Iyes.
That's not my handwriting.
What is this going to cost.
Hold on a second.
If I could accept the offer right now I would. They took it back.
that's what the sister said. The chart said she ate nine hours prior to
'Code Blue'
I have some errands to run and then I thought we'd spend the evening
That's what I'd planned to
Cardiac arrest. During delivery her heart stopped. When the heart stops the brain's deprived of oxygen. You get brain damage. That is why she's in the state she's in today.
I could subpoena him if I had a week.
Ready your Honor.
Galvin look many years ago
Mr. Galvin's
Hello I'm calling from
Yes. Price
And what are you. A cop.
The weak the weak have got to have somebody to fight for them. Isn't that the truth. You want another drink.
They might. Yes. That's the point is that they mightyou see the jury wants to believe. They're all cynics sure because they want to believe. I have to go in there tomorrow to find twelve people to hear this case.  I'm going to see a hundred people and pick twelve. And every one of them it's written on their face `This is a sham. There is no justice' but in their heart they're saying 'Maybemaybe'
Is this a bad time.
They uh they got to my witness.
You're like a kid you're coming in here like it's Saturday night you want me to say that you've got a fever you don't have to go to school
Oh yes I do Joe. Believe me. You say you're going to lose. Is it my fault. Listen. The damned case doesn't start until tomorrow and already it's over for you.
Joe Joe
No.
I have to talk to you.
Dr. Halpern's taking all his
Sally Doneghy now who is that.
 hey I don't need your charity 
What.
Frank but not now. Frank. You're trying to wipe out some old business. But not now. I understand. But you go call 'em back. You call the Bishop back.
You got a good memory Franky.
You use their witness.
What did she do.
You know how beautiful she was.  Her husband left her and he took her kids . They they they'd let you die in there. They don't care. Nobody cares. The Patriot Home the Chronic Care in Arlington . They'd take her in. Perpetual care. They'd take her. Fifty thousand dollars they want. An endowment.
I what are you talking about. I talked to her this morning and she said
What.
These are your initials 'K.C.'.
What did she say.
She said she had a full meal one hour before coming to the hospital.
Yes the roving nurse
We we were rather busy
Yes.
and he's making a billion dollars every minute working for Stearns Harrington and he bought a dog and everything is rosy.  Then Mr. Stearns he tried to fix a case.
No. But one assumes obligations. My wife's family is all gone; someone has to look after her interest. Her father's partner runs the company yard in the East Baltimore so I decided as long as I had to work at it I'd come back here. I've always liked it here.
Shouldn't you be sitting down.
How often does this happen.
More and more in the past few weeks. And she wanders. God knows where she wanders. I followed her one day.
That's Carlotta Valdes.
Could I ask you a couple of questions.
Is this some kind of Gallup Poll or something.
Do you live here in the hotel.
I just want to see you as much as I can.
Why. Because I remind you of someone. That's not very complimentary. And nothing would happen
The color of your hair
We're going awfully far.
Take me away
Dead. He'd broken her neck.
You don't remember.
Where had you been before.
Will you tell me something. Has this ever happened to you before.
What.
Oh yes. Fine. No after effects. But as I remember now that water was cold wasn't it. What a terrible thing to do and you were so kind It's a formal thank-you letter. And a great big apology.
You've nothing to apologize for.
Would you like some coffee.
Oh some two thousand years or more.
No birds live here.
Where.
Why did you jump.
Take me away from here.
This part is dream I think. There is a tower and a bell and a garden below but it seems to be in Spain a village in Spain. And then it clicks off and is gone.
No.
I'm not mad. I'm not mad. And I don't want to die but there's someone inside me there's a somebody else and she says I must die Scottie don't let me go.
Tell me.
No never.
Here with you.
Let me go.
It's not fair it's too late. It wasn't supposed to happen this way it shouldn't have happened.
Is there something I can do for you.
Valdes. Miss Valdes. It's Spanish you know.
Does she sleep here. Ever.
I thought you said no more aches and pains.
It's this darned corset. It binds. He retrieves the stick.
Well you know those police department doctors: no sense of style. Ah tomorrow.
Well. what'll you do.
Have you had any dizzy spells this week.
Normal.
Three whole weeks.
What.
Not that kind of history. The small stuff. About people you never heard of.
Yeah.
Pop Leibel.
Nothing to tell.
I did. Since when do you go about slipping notes under men's doors.
Just wander.
But you said grey sir.
First of all
You're an asshole.
This is pathetic.
Don't point at me.
You have acquaintances - business friends and superficial golf buddies. You have always been a fringe player. You have some serious male on male intimacy problems.
Don't you fucking threaten me - I'll fucking kill you.
Just giving the facts.
We have to get going.
They're screaming for Starbursts.
What.
So who's the lucky guy.
She's in the bathroomshe's still working.
What's your fucking point.
Tony. This is Keith Fisher. You're doing my wedding and I'm calling about the chair situation. Yeah I'll hold.
It goes; Today is the first day of the rest of our lives.
Jesus Boyd you're going to O.D. him.
Just do it.
Good deal. Lois just wants to hear it from Micheal.
Blood money. Insurance dollars that you have thus fucking far decided not to tell me about at all. In no way have you mentioned that money. And I find that to be very very offensive.
False.
Then what do they have.
Easy Micheal.
Yes.
How could I know what else I forgot.
What.
It amazes me how organized you and your little fun bunch can be when it comes time to mobilize to Vegas.
Charles Moore for instants.
He's weird. And I expect more from you.
Time out.
We've got problems here.
Keith do not trivialize this.
I need your help.
I'm mad at you.
Where are you.
Well can you come back inside.
I don't know. He could have told someone. He could have like in the event of his death somehow let someone know where those bodies are buried.
I could have done it better. I'm a fucking ball-buster I am.
You never walked away dad. You could have walked away.
Harry Chaplin. Cats in the Cradle.
Well I'm in the middle of my Goddamn toast here.
I'm getting married
Yeah well it's a nasty problem.
Dad used to bring home these sparklers to me and Adam. Out back we'd light 'em up. The three of us. We'd hold 'em up to the sky and watch the explosions of light. Sparks. And dad would be all Get readywatch for ithere it comes here comes the wahoo.
I have no idea.
Well that ought to be about the end of that.
We will compare these before photos with whatever form of degeneration presented to us in 24 hours no matter how low how vile
A mutant species.
We will.
Good times.
Come down here you scamp.
If you like I will come with you tomorrow to the village when you leave.
Why don't you ask her to stay on for a few days.
Sit down I'm going to need your help.
I'd be really ungrateful if I didn't like you sir; you took me and my little girl in when I didn't know where to turn.
What will the lady say.
He was asking for it.
Nothing.
No not mad at all: she's rotten with religion.
I don't know they've always been there.
Miss Viridiana 
I don't know anything about these things Jorge 
But you have a right to let us know what you think.
You won't get much done with those people. Those times are over. You ought to let me kick them out.
Do they worry you that much then.
I know perfectly well how little I can do. What I want to do is give passing beggars a roof some food and a bit of human warmth.
Are they going to work here too.
Is anything the matter Mr. Mayor.
You cannot leave 
Where.
In any case he's asking you to come and stay with him.
When you are miss.
In English please.
You mean a nano—tech synthetic organism.
Recognize this. How would you like your old job back.
Madison lives two blocks from their present location.
You know those cheesy Christmas cards of your family under that tree in your back yard you keep sending me every year.
Parker Barnes I'd like you to meet Crime Czar Elizabeth Deane.
Their weapons missing.
You think he's smart.
We have an emergency situation which requires somebody with expertise in criminal psychology. Under the authority vested in me by the President I'm giving you temporary re—assignment.
Barnes used to work for him when he was still a cop in the field remember.
How should I know.
It was you wasn't it.
SID —— NO
I know. I was there. I saw the whole thing. If I was your therapist I would have advised you against putting yourself back into that kind of situation.
It was just like before wasn't it. Wasn't it. But you are making progress. Instead of killing seven people to get the one you're after this time there was only one other person involved.
Learn anything from Lindenmeyer's file.
What happened when he was 17.
You've got a problem with me carrying a gun.
I am the demon from the bottomless pit
 here on earth to create havoc and terror. I am War I am death. I am destruction. David Berkowitz 1977.
Now that he's in the real world there are no longer limitations on his behavior like there were in virtual reality. Sid is going to evolve.
Don't worry about it all right.
Dammit I hate sounding so clinical all the time. All I meant to say was I thought you were doing well but then I
Grimes is back. He's back. He's come back
I told you before Grimes liked to be obvious.
Sid.
The symphony of collision
Youmotherfucker. I'M GOING TO KILL YOU
Aren't you going to watch with me.
As long as they keep overpaying me I'll keep overpaying you. ) Just make goddam sure you can have 10 of them ready for deployment around the city by next month.
It's the White House.
Waal Mr. Moss I wouldn't.
how do we explain that. With the World Watching.
Tell tell tell me again.
Precisely.
It's like that thing with the Yellow Ribbon
can we see the Kitten.
Knock on wood.
Speaking of thanks we puttem back in what does your fellow Moss want.
No. I was busy. Yes I need the new poll fig. <u>how</u> long. I'll call in from Nashville. And patch me through to the Big Bird will. I've got to <u>hand</u> it to you. <u>They</u> sure let us out of there easy.
Oh God
Oh Lord.
child at the airport breaks through the ranks runs to old shoe should we have <u>flower</u> or a <u>bear</u>.
Guess who <u>I</u> am.
member of the group was left behind what were then Enemy Lines.
THE CROWDS AT ANDREW'S AIRKORCE BASE THE OLD SHOE BANNERS THE COURAGE MOM BANNERS. THE STILL BAND. A SHOT OF THE BANDMASTER SURREPTITIOUSLY GLANCING AT HIS WATCH.
ON BREAN AND MOSS WHO WALK SCHUMANN ACROSS THE HIGHWAY. IN THE B.G. WE SEE AMES TALKING TO THE DRIVER OF THE HARVESTER WHO IS A SMALL HISPANIC MAN.
ON MOSS AS HE WALKS THE GROGGY SCHUMANN TOWARD THE GAS STATION.
Does it <u>have</u> to be Albania. Because lookit: I can get my hands on a lot of walking-around-cash I think if it's <u>Italy</u>Look at the tie-in here: <u>The</u> <u>Boot</u> Givvem the <u>Boot</u> If we were to go Wide with a <u>shoe</u> as the fad. A Shoe-fad Here's what it offers us
Whaddaya think.
Nobody whose name you want me to say Mr. Young I promise you.
Earn your money. He's ill the Plane is sick
When's he coming back.
I'm here Mr. Moss because you've shown yourself a great supporter of the Party.
What do you think would hold it off.
Uh it's a slogan. From uh
It's like being a producer Mr. Moss. The Things in Trouble. Somebody's got to wade in save the thing. You get the Actors get up there and strut and <u>Posture</u>. But somebody knows what's what got to jump in and Save the Thing.
It's not war. It is a <u>Pageant</u>. It's a <u>Pageant</u> Like the Oscars why we came to <u>you</u>
Wwhat.
The War ain't over.
It's not too <u>clean</u>
In the Folk Music Section.
we get our hands on him.
They got him standing by.
Mmm
I've come to feel It's my thing. You know you take a job You take a job and many times it's <u>just</u> a job. And then
Hell yes we're we're on our way to get him now. No. Lookit: it's like a girl with her virginity y'understand
Uh huhwhy.
You see. What's the lesson here. <u>Never</u> give up. <u>Never</u> give up.
But you always knew you couldn't <u>take</u> the credit.
It's got to sound like an <u>acetate</u> recording 1930.
Look look look look Canada okay. Our neighbor to the North alla sudden transformed into That Place where like the North Wind <u>Terror</u> comes
Going to make a little stop back home pick up my shirts show him a little treat.
British Regiments drape their drums in Leopard Skins.
I didn't ask for a dog.
Albania Albania Albania James bond Villains.
as of today 89% favorable.
Susie. Susie. Are you alright. <u>Susie</u>
It's a romantic and tragic drink.
Fox you're making more problems than you are sales.
Nice piece of work Fox. Why don't you join me and the partners for lunch tomorrow in the dining room.
Yeah where's your machine gun.
 looks like you grown another inch but you don't look so hot getting bags under your eyes starting to look old like me.
You get on the phone and ask strangers for their money right. You're a salesman.
 it adds up Buddy 300 here 200 there. Your brother never well I always said money is something you need in case you don't die tomorrow
Problem with money is you never have enough or you got too much and when you got it you're never happy 'cause somebody's always trying to take it away from you. Money's one giant pain in the ass y'ask me thanks.
Wait next week's booked. Let me check with my girl and get back to you on Monday.
Yeah you do that huckleberry. I'll still be here.
as far as being axed I'm still here and as long as I am I have a responsibility not just to me but to the union members I represent
I'll be damned that when my men come to me tomorrow morning wanting to know what's going on I'm going to lie to them.
I told him I was in the bathroom and I'd call him right back. What the hell was I supposed to say Buddy you got me into
So where are we going.
How do you do Mr. Gekko. I'm Bud Fox.
Can't tell you that Mr. Gekko.
Hi sport.
See this. Can you believe it. Two inch screen
Mr. Gekko I don't think I cango on.
What about hard work.
You don't understand. I want to be surprisedastonish me sport new info don't care where or how you get it just get it My wife tells me you put a move on Darien. Here's some inside info for you. That Euroflash GQ guy she's going with's got big bucks but he's putting her feet to sleep. Exit visas are imminent. So don't lose your place in line. Oh jeez I wish you could see this. The lights coming up over the water. I've never seen a painting that captures the beauty of the ocean at this moment. an old Russian proverb - a fisherman always sees another fisherman from afar. I like you sport I ever tell you that Gordon call me Gordon from now on.
The art of which is deception. Spread the buy orders through different accounts and you won't get burned
What the hell do you want.
It's all about bucks kid the rest is conversation Bud you're still going to be president. And when the time comes you'll parachute out a rich man. With the money you're going to make your father won't have to work another day in his life.
Believe me Buddy I was gonna discuss this with you at the right time. Look why don't you calm down and come to the apartment for dinner tonight. Bring Darien
Destiny took us apart but I knew it would bring us back together.
Not really. I'd say that Gordon is one of the most astute collectors around. He has a great eye and he only buys the best. Like this rug for instance a silk Tabriz the finest of its kind. The day after he bought it in London a dealer representing the Saudi Royal Family offered him twice what he paid. It absolutely makes the room. See how this little bit of celadon in the border is picked up in the cushions oh the sofa although I don't know if I would have used that tea dipped linen for the upholstery - too dingy. And it's a sacrilege having that Pre-Columbian pot in the center of the coffee table. Some dope might use it as an ashtray.
Well if you're that good you could probably do wonders at my place.
Upper West Side.
Break it.
The conference oh yeah. Fine. We reached an agreement and decided to divide up the world between us.
Bud I hate to tell you this but you're a genius. Darienlightning has struck. The lightbulb has been invented. Edison Da Vinci Einstein are watching
that changes all my plans I thought you were loaded
Talk about being bent over the sink of life and being dry humped. I handed it to him on a silver platter. I told my father and those people
Come on we both like Buddy. But this bleeding heart puppy love act is over the top It doesn't fit.
 just got 250000 shares at 18 1/4 from Janson think I'll pull twice that at 18 1/2 outta the California pensions. We got close to half a million shares in the bag.
Us is over. You had your chance you blew it.
Velcome to ve Vaxverk.
That's not what you said last night.
Listen Sarah I think I know what's going on ok. I went to the waxwork today.I met this man.
You don't understand. I recognized his face now come on.
Well it all started when a friend and I
One has to keep the distance between `them' and `us'
They're all human beings
Stop saying things so loud.
Looks a little spooky boys you think we should do this.
No he wouldn't.
Do you really think so.
Isn't there something called group hysteria.
Do you.
No.
Of course. You must be so proud.
There was justsome tension. You were upset. I remember being concerned.
Well I'm glad. Pardon my intrusiveness but we do have to stick together you know.
Tell me. Please.
For scaring you like I did. When I thought about what that must have seemed like that day
And then you weren't there.
Love.
Mrs. Frank.
Sounds about right. Never understood how a girl that wild got all A's. Sure didn't get it from me. They wanted to put her in a special school for the gifted when she was young. Maddie wouldn't hear about it.
He looked like one of the Monkees.
She's not a psychic. Just a very enlightened spirit.
Listen I've gotta run. I just thought I'd stop by and see if you want to take the boat out say Thursday morning.
Seance.
Nothing. It wasn't anything. I've been on edge lately. Maybe since the accident. And I'd prefer I really would to just
I started to walk overbut he wasn't alone. A blond. I only caught a glimpse. She was young. I should have said something right away. But I didn't.
Partly because I didn't want to hurt youbut partlypartly because I was relieved.
By the time I finally got up the nerve to tell you Stan called from the hospital and it was too late.
I don't know
Did she say that.
Oh.
of Perpetual Distances. Everybody's checking their shoelaces. Pins drop. I'm afraid you've mistaken me I say
Right. And why is she here. If he killed her why doesn't she haunt him.
I never said
How do you know this.
Who did.
Jody and I. And she was there Norman she was. It scared Jody so bad she had to leave.
Ever since the accident I've been worried that you'd been unhappy or
No it's fine. I'm fine.
You were lost in the musiceyes closedyour chest heaving
You don't remember.
A cheap wine glass from the caterers. You started crying. I tried to comfort you
It was maybe a week after the accident. We were moving. It was a hard time.
Not personally.
No. I'm afraid to ask what this is about.
The
I'm positive this time
Ow.
Who.
What did you think I would do. Jesus Christ. I gave up my life and my music
THAT'S NOT TRUE. You wanted to quit. And then when you did you hated me for it so you gave it all to her.
What.
Nothing.
I did NOT. I did not kill anyone. Jesus. Claire listen to me. I walked in and she was lying there dead. I swear to you. On my life. She took pills and she killed herself in our house to destroy me. To destroy us. If I hadn't stopped by here before school the painters would have
Shhhh.
Are you alright. You look pale.
With his hands.
Go back Michael. Do what you can
He made that quite clear yes.
You two sees like a perfect fit.  Only two mounths.
What's the matter with you. What kind of person are you.
You came.  I'm your Aunt Carlotta my dear.
I might as well be Rowan Smith - or Jones.  you cut me off from every -
I'm tired. I need to rest.
Other properties as well - here and in Europe. And vest holdings - in sugar oil gold electronics. Liquid funds over eighty million. tmpcssible to put a figure on it all. All yours now.
He's shown himself to you on the deck. In the storm.
It wes a dream.
Michael Do what you can.
uh - then he - be just -
Massive subdural hamatoma. We have to evacuat it - right now.
Yes Michael. Harder. More
If I could feel like you feelbut I have only others' feelings - . . like breeres that blow through me. Things to be felt yes - but not nine to feel
I'm going to have a baby.  Michael wants to name it after you - if it's a girl. Diedre Mayfair Curry. Pretty huh. Funny - I never really thought I'd ever -
What Michael gives me is stronger than anything you could ever inderstand.
Aaron was in the dream. A dream tilled with spirits.  you killed him didn't you.
Oh god
Rowan and I will be together now. My time has come. Your time is gone.
Do they keep everything 'out' .
Seems more like a year than a month.
We're quite a pair you and I.
Do you love me Michael.
It'd take mounths and cost a fortune.
You sure.
Hello.
Smoking is bad for your heart Michael.
Is he - is he gonna die.
If it's a boy - Taylor.
When aid you get home last night.
Hi.  You - you wanna get some breakfast. Maybe see a movie.
I've never asked you to explain yourself - because you used to let me inside. But I'm on the outside now you put me there.
You could kill me - right now couldn't you. couldn't you. Tell me the truth - is it Lasher. Answer me.
Bullshit. Let me in.  Mikey - there are people who can help figure this ont.
I thought it was 'whistle while you work.
The one on the left - definitely
I'm sorry - I didn't think
Sounds good - thank you
CHIC MAGAZINE.
It doesn't mention 'females only'
You think I killed my MOTHER don't you.
What was your relationship with STEPHANIE.
I don't know - it's your house ELLEN
What.
As it happens I was at home alone - maybe we could solve each others problems.
You're a novelist - why didn't you tell me.
I thought it was you - how are you.
No - she isn't in any trouble is she.
ANGEL
Were you always this sick.
That's crazy talk.
Who the hell was your father.
Wait a second I thought we were hamburger guys.
I wonder how many of them will be at the orgy tonight.
So far away. In Xenia.
Get them together.
We don't generally feature blow-up dolls in our magazine. But hey if you think there's a market for it.
We reinvented ourselves.
You've obviously never had your dogs nestled in thousand dollar Italian loafers.
That explains the emptiness that haunts me.
Not bad for a hack. He has a future in yellow journalism.
I don't LIKE you. We're JUST FRIENDS.
Hi Teddy Bear.
I thought I'd be nervous but you sure know how to make a girl feel relaxed Teddy Bear.
I remember spring break of my senior year. Seems like a lifetime ago.
Son.
I guess it's better than having tribal patterns carved in my face.
I know they were simple people but did this trip help your college fund at all.
Sorry I
It's okay. You need me.
Shut your pie hole Jimmy.
Oh sweetheart. We wish we could be right there to hug the living daylights out of you.
And the girl I love she hates Heaven. If I keep it she'll never respect me.
If you could just sign right there.
Don't even tell me you're hot for Miss Titty Pom Poms over there.
I didn't know they gave them for Best Lip Gloss Retention During a Blow Job.
In the sense that there is no hidden agenda behind a bake sale that raised five hundred dollars for seeing eye dogs.
What do you want from me. I'm trying to be fair. But I can't keep you on staff if you turn every PTA meeting into an Agent Orange cover up.
Me.
You're so twitterpated you don't even see the miner's hat and the pickax.
Where are we going.
I can't believe your dad built this for you.
Whatever.
Not whatever. It's two different things.
Cut to the chase William Randolph. Your audience is way ahead of you.
He's on the move.
I got an anonymous tip and an address in Cincinnati.
You expected whips chains Merk being cattle-prodded by some dominatrix in a leather hood.
Come on.
Maybe someday.
I know their small town mentality can be maddening.
I mean your pictorial. It bothers me profoundly.
You're telling me you don't get aroused by a roomful of naked breasts.
Very ambitious. I like that.
Save it honey. We want to hear every detail when you get back but we don't want you to run up Mr. Zukerman's phone bill.
What is all this. When are you coming home.
Oh good lord. Are those Neptunes.
You don't have to work another day in your lives.
Are you kidding. This magazine is my dream. It's every red-blooded heterosexual male's dream.
Have you ever even looked at Heaven.
As much as possible.
Just a couple of finishing touches. My parents always said you never get a second chance to make a good first impression.
Huh. You laugh in the face of pressure.
I was like a different person tonight.
You ARE home. But go ahead finish school do what you feel you need to do. In the meantime I'll be your point person here on the magazine.
I never finished school myself. Never had to. My brother built this empire from nothing but his wife's perky tits and a whole lot of gumption. He gave me a cushy job on a silver platter. I never struggled for a second.
Wellfor one thingI think it's despicable that we exclude so many women that only fit our western notion of classic beauty.
At our press conference tomorrow I think we should announce our plans to explore the world. Not just a few leggy 36D's with blond hair upstairs and down.
My father must've been amazing.
I never saw anybody turn so many shades of red.
I owe it all to you. Without your help I'd be lost.
What are you doing.
All is fair in Heaven Ted-baby.
Oh no. No way. I've had all the bad news I can take for one day.
My parents. What do you mean.
How quaint.
Kelly.
Wasn't enough Van Ryan had to destroy the people who invested here. He got to be old he and his rich cronies would come down here hunt and whore act like assholes. One trip he showed up with this young girl he'd picked up somewhere gotten her pregnant then dumped her in the swamp. That came with her.
And the child
I just want to get it over with. My mom's making me do this. I just want to forget it.
You mean he withdrew
I don't know what to say
It's our job Gloria.
This is where she lives. She wants to talk. Beats the shit out of me why she would call me at all. I busted her once for possession. she wound up doing about six months at Camp Nine.
Think back before the suit was filed before the trial. Lombardo had an affair with Sandra right. So why not tell us about the affair. I mean it could be a hell of a motive for Kelly to fabricate her charge in the first place.
It's starting Gloria. This is how it begins
Her grandmother said she'd been threatening to run away. And I found the car at the Miami bus terminal.
You didn't tell me you were gonna put me on the fucking news.
Did he come in with you.
Just tell us what happened.
I told her I was coming with her. She nodded like she understood. We stood up together.
You guess. Did he or didn't he.
He pushed into me I couldn't stop him it hurt.
Ms. Toller.
You know I want to thank you for getting me into this class No way was my old man going to spring for the fees
I can't believe you called Sam. What's the matter with you.
You're out of your mind.
Jeez that thing Can't you
I'm really serious. That cop he keeps watching me.
Forget it.
Can't you take that stupid thing off.
You're saying that Kelly was raped by Sam Lombardo.
You can't
I had to go look for this coupon.
Fuck you. This is bullshit. I'm outta here.
Yeah well you fixed that. What the hell happened anyway.
Did you become squeamish about these things before or after you bludgeoned little Suzie Toller to death with a wine bottle. Jesus man. It couldn't have worked out better. They're convinced Kelly whacked Suzie. I can't talk 'em out of it. We should be celebrating. This thing worked out just like you said only better.
Walter. He's been aimin' that Brownie through knotholes for years. I saw these I knew he'd finally struck gold. I can't decide which came out better that little straw Kelly's got up her nose or that vibrator you've got up her ass. What do you think Mr. Lombardo.
Sorry. Didn't mean that. Just a little device of mine
Always hoping. Or this
Aha.
Is this leading somewhere.
Limestone quarry Southern mansion. Easy to get them mixed up I say we invite ourselves to the party.
Quite. Come let's mingle.
You're either having a seizure or you just said hello.
Could I just point out this is a perfect example of the criminal mind exploiting modern invention.
Damn it this is ridiculous.
At least the thing's not that fast. We just follow it. Whenever it stops we're there waiting.
No I'm not all right. They got away. And we can't even follow them. They can get off the tracks anywhere they want.
Thank you.
Come on let's at least see if we can find Dr. Pemberton.
Are those just button buttons or.
Terribly sorry. I'm always sticking this where it doesn't belong. Federal agents ma'am. We're rescuing a kidnap victim
I could get used to this looking down on people.
You know ma'am you remind me of a pearl-handled pistol I once owned. A beautiful thing to look at but too hot to handle.
Your guests ma'am.
You bring the best out in a man.
Would you be thinking ramming speed sir.
Yes sir.
Sir I believe you have only two barrels.
Why don't we just cut this routine short. Whatever you do to us we're not going to talk.
Still alive. Hmm. I suppose that doesn't bode well for poor Bruno.
I beg your pardon.
They're coming.
They're rounding up a posse. Figure an hour.
You mean you know who this baby belongs to.
You need a warrior for this job. I'm nobody.
Now you know where you're going. Down there through those trees follow the river. You'll know the crossroads by a big daikini struc- ture. Willow this is serious business. Don't waste any time the outer world is no place for a Nelwyn. Give the baby to the first daikini you see then hurry home as fast as you can.
I can't.
I do what I'm told.
Farmer.
Here are her diaper rags. And this is her milk bladder. And when she criesshe's either hungry or she's tiredrock her on your left shoulder. She likes that.
You.
Time to change her diaper.
Did she ask about me.
I could be you rguard. I could carry your spear.
Who are you. Who are you.
What do you want.
No.
You must learn magic.
Get down. The ritual chant. Quick. Protect yourself.
I know she's hungry. I tried to feed her but she wouldn't eat a thing. I'm not a wet nurse.
She requests the presence of your- self and the young princess.
Didn't you hear me Book. Pull. You never had your hands on a teat before.
Where's Timmy and Buck.
Put my car in the garage and close the door.
Got to Sam. You and I are going to a courthouse together put some people behind bars.
If there isn't I've just wasted the last six months.
Where are you taking us.
No you're not – You're glad because now you've got a witness. I heard the other police talking last night. They don't seem to like you very much.
Gunshot they'll file reports they'll find me.
Enjoying your reading.
You make fun of me. Like the tourists. Driving by all the time. Some even come into the yard. Very rude. They seem to think we are quaint.
But Stoltzfus said
You should not bother with that birdhouse. If you're leaving tomorrow.
I was being foolish.
Either you're a member of the club or you aren't Elton. Tell me what you know
Did you find him.
He accused John of taking kickbacks. And you know – anybody who knows John – knows that's a goddamn lie.
Better you should get off my front porch before I get my mace.
Elaine I don't want to have to take you in for questioning. You've got his car you were the last to see him –
What's so funny.
Who was that man.
Is this where we're going.
Momma are they angry with us.
Dorothy please. We're trying to count. Fifty-eight
Now Dorothy dear stop imagining things. You always get yourself into a fret over nothing.
Poor little orphan and her Miss Gulch troubles. Gosh all hemlock - you know she ought to have somebody to play with.
I know but we all got to work out our own problems Henry.
I saw you tinkering with that contraption Hickory. Now you and Hunk get back to that wagon.
To see.
Our echo.
resourceful.
Ohhh.
Oh 
What are you going to do with my dog. Give him back to me.
Who me. Why I'm not a witch at all. I'm Dorothy Gale from Kansas.
You don't need to be helped any longer. You've always had the power to go back to Kansas.
Aw come come come 
Oh 
Oh 
No 
Did you say something.
Mymy neck. Mymy neck. Perfect. Oh bang on my chest if you think I'm perfect. Go ahead bang on it.
Oh goodness. Did any of them sting you.
I have so got brains.
Oh you're the best friends anybody ever had. And it's funny but I feel as if I've known you all the time. But I couldn't have could I.
Yes there 
No No No No.
Wouldwould it do any good if I roared.
Oh you did it yourself.
I Oh 
Here  Come on.
Here here. Go 'way and let us alone.
Why don't you try counting sheep.
I I I hope my strength holds out.
Where do we go now.
of the West.
Beautiful. What an echo.
No sir.
Well I 
As for you my galvanized friend you want a heart. You don't know how lucky you are not to have one. Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable. I could have been a world figure a power among men a - a successful wizard had I not been obstructed by a heart.
This is a highly irregular procedure. This is absolutely unprecedented.
You new.
What happened to Len Tashka.
Who’s she.
Because an explosion like that would kill all the other pipelines. There would be only one way to get the oil out of the Caspian and pump it to the world
Old friend.
Who.
He was my father.
I haven’t been able to recall a single moment of that dayuntil now.
The way I acted in the snowyou must think I’m a coward.
I don’t want to be safe.
You knew when you first saw me. You knew it would be like this.
You can drop the act it’s over.
All this because you fell for Renard.
It runs in my veins thicker than blood. I’m going to redraw the map. And when I am through the whole world will know my name my grandfather’s name the glory of my people.
Valentin Zukovsky.
I thought you were the one in her business.
What is this place.
Why are you like this. Because Bond is dead. It’s what you wanted.
He was agood lover.
This is the end.
He would You might as well know. It's gonna get messy. We got a call from Washington.
Washington.
There's no right or wrong. But if you don't give me an honest response I can't help you. I want to help you. I want to know all about you.
And what split the dog's skull open.
Walter. This compulsion of yours to punish transgressors. In your mind what gives you the right to judge.
God isn't there to do it.
Hi Jon.
Rorschach's on the case. He's got Dreiberg in a lather. He seems to think that someone is stalking the Watchmen.
Is it time. D'you have to leave for the funeral.
Then do me a favor. If the world's going to end it shouldn't matter a bit. I want you to cure me.
The missing scientists.
And what if you¹re wrong.
His whatever.
I'd say you stalled out about forty years ago. Nellie Lutcher Louis Jordan I've never even heard of these people.
Old.
I took her out a couple of summers back. Scared the hell out of some cows.  I wonder if she'd make it down to Antarctica.
Adrian's headed down to his secret retreat. He invited us to come along. I've been thinking. If things do get nasty it wouldn't be a bad place to sit out a war.
They're following us.
That's because 
What do you mean frame-up.
We're running Rorschach. We've got no place to go. We're hightailing it down to Adrian's.
Sorry Daniel. You've always been a good friend. I know that. Sorry about Laurie.
Nothing wrong with ketchup.
No. No. Cut.  Justine we agreed. No questions about the Watchmen.
Their real names please.
He's a little farther gone every time.
CTU. Jesus. You don't think 
Ever see one of these before.
Call off the cat and I'll kill you Veidt.
Looks like a diner.
Oh I don't know I think the tests work pretty well. Sometimes they give me answers you wouldn't admit to in a million years.
You've really got me confused Cage. On the one hand you showed leadership courage under fire a willingness to protect men you hardly knew and on the other you have an arrest record that pegs you as near sociopathic. Help me out here. I'm not following your evolution.
You want the cheap backstory. The runaway mom the suicide dad and the foster homes. Gimme a break. You're not interested in my past you're interested in my future as some kind of spy.
If you find out what I want to know and if I'm able to successfully use that information you get to go back to your degenerate little life. If not you take a bath.
Silent Night is the name of a top secret binary nerve agent. The glass canister is shot into the air and detonated. The black and white chemicals mix forming a toxic cloud. When it settles down to Earth it'll kill everything in the vicinity.
Thought you bought the farm down there X. Glad as hell to see you.
Alright do what you want. But keep the screws on him. He's a wild card. That could be either good or bad.
Whatchu doing here.
My goodness a word with four syllables. I should get some ice before your brain gets too hot.
I know where he's coming from. The only thing I really don't get is why he dumped you. Up until I found that out I thought his judgment was pretty sound.
We could work together. Then maybe we could both get the hell out of here. There's a beach in Bora Bora with my name on it.
What are you talking about.
When can I see you again.
What are you doing with the Ivans.
We can't leave now. We have to do something.
Yes I do. You're right. I can't just let him go free. Besides I can help you from the inside.
Don't you see X. For the betterment of humanity he's going to start World War Three.
I can't believe my mission is finally over. I don't even know what to do with myself.
I'd forgotten how exciting it is working together.
Why don't you show me some gear before you get hurt.
Now that I've given you the overview we're going to spend the next couple hours going into extensive operational detail.
I'm through Xander.
Alright so I'll get more.
Dude what are you doing here.
They're all over the place. What the hell's going on.
And here I thought anarchy was just something cool to put on a Tshirt.
You both could have been a part of it. You could have ridden with us into a new day the dawning of a new age of 
Can the Professor repair his own mind.
Hey. I'm sorry. About Logan. I was jealous.
It's too far.
How long have you been in Alaska.
Some cigars. Case of beer.
He's uptight.
He takes his work seriously.
I've seen a lot of rings.
Math. History. Science. English. Athletics 
Dr. Grey.
The mutant gene tells the body when it needs to change.
What do you want.
Come with me and I'll let her live.
Who.
I'm going to change the world with or without you as a witness Charles. And this one gets a front row seat.
Oh shit.
You have the wrong house.
And who might you be.
Dr. Frederick Fronkonsteen.
No.
Herr Falkstein. Did you inform Frederick Frankenstein of this assembly and all the particulars of the time and place.
Baack.
Is it that music.
Still happy you married me.
Yes.
Call me from New York before you leave.
Oh darling I'll count the hours that you're away.
I've trimmed the list to only our very closest friendsbut it still comes to three thousand.
Yes. I am a bit tired after all.
Poor Delbruck. There must be some way to reach him to control that body.
Is your room just down the hall. in case I get frightened during the night.
What.
Saturday night then. I'll take the train to New York and fly from there.
Isn't it true that Darwin preserved a piece of vermicelli in a glass case until by some extraordinary means it actually began to move with voluntary motion.
A piece of what.
Vermicelli.
How old are you young man.
Nineteen. My dear young man once the human organism has ceased to function nature has deemed that creature to be dead.
You have more chance of re-animating this knife than you have of mending a broken nervous system
I see.
Why.
I'm not that sort you know. I appreciate you feelings but try to show them some other way.
 I'm glad that's
Is everything ready.
It's the only way.
It's alive. It's moving. It's breathing. It's standing. What is your name.
Did you have a pleasant trip.
Well
Dr. Fronkonsteen look.
And look at this Doctor.
Soon all the electrical secrets of Heaven shall be mine.
A god.
Yes.
Do you think you can sing it.
I'm getting tired.
How do you know they're done.
Yes.
Will we be fighting the Zulus soo~ Quartermaster. .
Are you dictating the strategy of this war Sir.
Well I assure you Sir I have no desire to create difficulties. 45